true, good point
No, you were misleading mostly on your own, but w many copycats. Jalopnik just lost it's sense of irony &amp; didn't get my tweet.
How the media screwed up the fatal Tesla accident  
cool, thanks :)
The Google term of self-driving would probably be more appropriate then.
In other words, the intended implication is that a driver must remain alert, just as a pilot must remain alert.
Tesla Tesla Autopilot is named after aircraft autopilot, as it is always expected that a pilot must stay alert.
All publicly known Tesla product developments are called out, incl vehicles and batteries. Would be odd *not* to include.
Tesla response to the misleading Fortune articles about Autopilot 
Sponsored articles … 
Hyperloop connecting Helsinki to Stockholm would turn a 300-mile trip into a 28-minute ride  
Because of course I hate flamingos...(maybe try eating fewer flamingo eggs in your salad) 
Exactly! I love Twitter.
Wrong to exclude non-occupant deaths. Autopilot would have prevented this cyclist from being killed 
If you care about auto deaths as material to stock prices, why no articles about 1M+/year deaths from other auto companies?
Yes, it was material to you -- BS article increased your advertising revenue. Just wasn't material to TSLA, as shown by market.
1.3 million people die a year in car accidents. Yet, 1 person dies in a Tesla on autopilot and people decry driverless cars…
Radar tunes out what looks like an overhead road sign to avoid false braking events
Our condolences for the tragic loss 
Shakespeare. Then love-devouring death do what he dare; It is enough I may but call her mine.
aspirationally
My son recently asked what my favorite animal was. Well, of course … 
Thoughtful analysis of the Tesla/SolarCity merger by 
Thanks for the kind bday wishes!
cute!
exactly
We haven't signed anything for a factory in China
Deluded, deranged, etc. Journalistic thesaurus sure got a lot of use last week ... 
Tesla is done being an automaker—it is now an energy company:  
Article is misleading to readers. No one is "taking home" anything. In a stock for stock transaction, nothing comes off the table.
Of course. Our love will never die.
This is going to be great 
Drive units and battery are sealed
If curious abt TSWLM car, am still planning to do a sports sub car that can drive on roads. Just a side project. Limited market potential :)
We *def* don't recommended this, but Model S floats well enough to turn it into a boat for short periods of time. Thrust via wheel rotation.
Tesla owner drives through a flooded tunnel &amp; out the other side 
As mentioned at the beginning of the year, I'm expecting ~70% success rate on landings for the year. 2016 is the year of experimentation.
Looks like early liquid oxygen depletion caused engine shutdown just above the deck 
Turns out the landing was not as fast we thought, but still hard enough to destroy the primary airframe and accordion the engines
Thanks Tyler
Landing video will be posted when we gain access to cameras on the droneship later today. Maybe hardest impact to date. Droneship still ok.
Upgrades underway to enable rocket to compensate for a thrust shortfall on one of the three landing engines. Probably get there end of year.
Quite rapid... Yes
RUD = Rapid Unscheduled Disassembly :)
Looks like thrust was low on 1 of 3 landing engines. High g landings v sensitive to all engines operating at max.
Ascent phase &amp; satellites look good, but booster rocket had a RUD on droneship
Targeting launch tomorrow of &amp; ABS communication satellites. 45-min window opens 10:29am ET, 2:29pm UTC 
Highly recommend anything by Sean Carroll 
Am concerned that advanced life may be inherently unstable. Arguably, any civ capable of extinguishing itself eventually will.
Life you can talk to is another matter, of course. Many, many orders of magnitude less likely.
No way. Look at chemotrophs and extremophiles. Primitive life is bloody everywhere. Highly under the ice on Europa imo.
Hence the urgency of making life as we know it multiplanetary as soon as possible
That, speed of light constraint and quantum mechanics
And, no, I'm not an alien...but I used to be one
Latest science predicts &gt; trillion alien civilizations. Either they don't last long or there are a *lot* of aliens 
Yeah, that matches what we've found so far. More likely unhinged than nefarious.
Would seem to indicate that one or more people sought to create the false impression of a safety issue where none existed. Q is why?
Of greater concern: 37 of 40 suspension complaints to NHTSA were fraudulent, i.e. false location or vehicle identification numbers were used
NHTSA confirmed today that they found no safety concern with the Model S suspension and have no further need for data from us on this matter
That is correct. It was about innovation.
Nice comment about the Model S by CvK on 
A grain of salt 
After incentives, this makes the price $58.5K Federally and $56K in California 
no
Something about a flying metal suit... 
yes
S and X cells are also Panasonic
Would like to clarify that Tesla is working exclusively with Panasonic for Model 3 cells. News articles claiming otherwise are incorrect.
Fourth rocket arrives in the hangar. Aiming for first reflight in Sept/Oct. 
Elite's AI created super weapons and started hunting players. Skynet is here  
PC, of course
Highly recommend by the good people of if you like ultrafast team FPS action 
Next launch targeting June 14 from Cape Canaveral – 45 minute launch window opens at 10:32am ET, 2:32pm UTC 
Trippy 
I love Douglas Adams! My favorite spaceship ever is in HHGTTG.
Exactly 
Good article from explaining how little incentives have actually contributed to Tesla funding 
how did you know?
Creating a neural lace is the thing that really matters for humanity to achieve symbiosis with machines
exactly
It is simulations all the way down
At this point, I'm really running out of crazy things to say. Any suggestions? 
control of super powerful AI by a small number of humans is the most proximate concern
Just heard that Norway will ban new sales of fuel cars in 2025. What an amazingly awesome country. You guys rock!! 
Yay, baby made it home! 
It's a bird, it's a plane... 
autosteering chutes will be added soon
Recode interview with and  via
Supercharger policy explained well by  Will post detailed description soon. I think it's a good balance.
Good summary of Tesla annual meeting by 
Sorry to hear that. Will take care of this &amp; investigate to see if issues you encountered are systemic.
So it was good for you too ... 
Fast replay of today's rocket landing on SpaceX droneship OCISLY 
Very similar. The crush core in the Falcon legs is reusable after soft landings, but needs to be replaced after hard.
Crush core is aluminum honeycomb for energy absorption in the telescoping actuator. Easy to replace (if Falcon makes it back to port).
Rocket landing speed was close to design max &amp; used up contingency crush core, hence back &amp; forth motion. Prob ok, but some risk of tipping.
Satellite deployed to 91,000 km apogee. All looks good.
3 mins to launch 
There was a tiny glitch in the motion of an upper stage engine actuator. Probably not a flight risk, but still worth investigating.
Weather 90% go for 5:40pm ET launch today. Droneship landing challenging -- very hot and fast first-stage reentry 
We have some fantastic new team members:  Welcome!
Really fun Model X review by Best part is X racing while towing a fuel sports car 
daughter of exxon scientist speaks… 
Flight 24 is def capable of flying again, but it makes sense to apply ground delta qual to rocket w toughest entry conditions.
Great image of ancient Mars 
Guys! Why aren't you sharing this? It's awesome sauce! 
Photographer unexpectedly captures Falcon 9 second stage burn and first stage entry  
No prob. We care about doing what's fair &amp; just. Don't always get it right, but intent is always there &amp; we make amends when wrong
Per the letter, Tesla paid $55/hr for *additional* services, so no.
Yes, but it is false of Merc News to say that Tesla took advantage of low cost labor. We paid $55/hr. That is unequivocal.
We still need to make sure that the injured person is taken care of, but less &amp; less of the Merc story appears to be true
Merc News story about Tesla using $5/hr labor seems to be missing a digit. Tesla actually paid $55/hr. 
Totally agree. Am told this will be fixed by Thurs, maybe Fri.
Full height of Falcon 9 boost stage on legs is ~165 ft
Falcon Heavy side boosters can use most of the same airframe as Falcon 9, but center core needs to be buffed up a lot for transfer loads.
Global warming is getting worse with record temps and widespread coral bleaching:  (Getty) 
Response to a Mercury News article about an injury on our premises 
Only heard about this today. Sounds like the wrong thing happened on many levels. Will investigate and make it right.
Better. Not there yet, but a solution is likely.
yes
yup
Totally. I did this up from a previous one to give it scale: 
Most recent rocket took max damage, due to v high entry velocity. Will be our life leader for ground tests to confirm others are good.
Three's company 
will do another AMA just before reflight of the rocket in a few months
Dog snuggle thread on reddit. Comments get really good. 
Excited to announce Tesla's entry into automotive racing! 
Seating at breakfast has made me a Tesla enthusiast reporter. Base on table of owners next to me, the joy from the car is i…
Only needs 30 cm to spread its wings, wherever you go #ModelX 
“Model S saved my husband, the father of our kids” - Michelle 
Cool view #ModelX 
Thanks for getting our science safely back to Earth! Very important research. 
también te amo
Fantastic counter to misleading LA times article  via
It's probably the Ambien
Definitely 
Ok 
Full credit to the team that's doing this. All happening without any help from me. 
Every day is Earth Day for Tesla owners  #EarthDay 
Climate change is real and this visualization proves it  
coming soon
Model X is the most amazing SUV on the road  
Certainly agree that it is first and foremost a triumph for humanity. The cheering is in good spirit.
I think so
Max is just 3X Merlin thrust and min is ~40% of 1 Merlin. Two outer engines shut off before the center does.
I love you too! 
Tesla crash flew 82 feet in the air. All 5 passengers exited without help  
Launch trajectory of Japanese commercial satellite JCSat-14, enroute to 36,000 km above Earth 
Thank goodness all are ok
Yeah, this was a three engine landing burn, so triple deceleration of last flight. That's important to minimize gravity losses.
May need to increase size of rocket storage hangar
Woohoo!! 
Rocket reentry is a lot faster and hotter than last time, so odds of making it are maybe even, but we should learn a lot either way
Falcon 9 and JCSAT-14 vertical on pad in advance of tonight’s 1:21am ET launch attempt  
Tesla is increasing the production ramp as fast as possible, but I'd recommend ordering a Model 3 soon if you want 2018 delivery
yes
I just published “Hey Jerkwater: Do your math on TSLA…”  cc
32 cool things about Model X 
Filtering particulates from air makes a significant &amp; measurable diff to health. Wd like to credit Larry Page with turning me on to this.
Bioweapon Defense Mode is real  This is what happens when you turn it on: 
Have been reviewing end of line production quality personally. Slowed things down temporarily, but it's for the best.
Historical precedent. Mars vehicle will be metric.
next month (with a lot of other good stuff)
exactly
sides def, center maybe
naturally
Falcon Heavy thrust will be 5.1M lbf at liftoff -- twice any rocket currently flying. It's a beast...
F9 thrust at liftoff will be raised to 1.71M lbf later this year. It is capable of 1.9M lbf in flight.
F9 LEO payload on capabilities page (correct figure on main page) should be 22,800 kg
No cross feed. It would help performance, but is not needed for these numbers.
No physical changes to the engine. This thrust increase is based on delta qual tests. It is just tougher than we thought.
Max performance numbers are for expendable launches. Subtract 30% to 40% for reusable booster payload.
Basically current, but higher throttle setting. Good performance of recent launches allows us to reduce 3 sigma reserve margin.
Just posted latest max payload capabilities of Falcon 9 and Heavy 
yes
hm... 
turns out it doesn't need securing
yes
yes, several times
for sure :)
things like this should be purged shortly
100+ for almost everything 10+ for heat shields and a few other items.
Zuck doesn't (yet) have a deep tech understanding of AI. I spend hours every week being educated by world's best researchers.
JCSat is pushing the envelope as a very hot and fast mission, so will land on the droneship. Next land landing in a few months.
System scan detected only 0.2% of orders with same email and physical address. Those have been purged.
of course
Temporary spike in some areas due to X 3rd row seat recall. Should be sorted by June.
Duplicates will be cancelled. Max of 2 will be delivered to any one person. Only ~5% of orders are 2, so speculation unlikely.
Simple answer is that there just aren't many used Teslas available. Demand &gt;&gt; supply.
checking into it ...
Vice President Joe Biden lost 10 bucks betting against a Tesla Model S in a drag race - The Verge 
Recently tested Dragon 2’s SuperDraco propulsive landing system at our McGregor, TX facility. Key for Mars landing 
Our reinforcement learning toolkit, OpenAI Gym, is now in public beta: 
will definitely do so
some places are trickier than others, but yes. That's the value of having a PICA-3 heat shield with propulsive landing.
It could land on Venus no problem, but would last maybe a few hours. Tough local environment.
But wouldn't recommend transporting astronauts beyond Earth-moon region. Wouldn't be fun for longer journeys. Internal volume ~size of SUV.
Dragon 2 is designed to be able to land anywhere in the solar system. Red Dragon Mars mission is the first test flight.
Planning to send Dragon to Mars as soon as 2018. Red Dragons will inform overall Mars architecture, details to come 
Automakers entrenched in fuel cell hydrogen are succumbing to physics and going electric  
Solar-powered #plane completes journey across Pacific Ocean 
A 3 should be workable, but an S or particularly an X would be better
Have you read our new #1 story for the year? It's an exclusive look at the #Tesla #Model3.  
Lots of chatter about Tesla Model X issues…I’ve had none. Most amazing car ever! My Review: 
My doors have gone through hundreds of open/close kid testings!  
That article was incredibly misleading and you should know it. Wager right now that Sun has received far more than Tesla?
Looks like Model X resale value is holding up well :) 
Model S receives highest-ever owner satisfaction rating of 97.46%  
Aiming for relaunch in 3 to 4 months, pending detailed examination and 10X refiring of a returned booster
We have amplified pre-delivery inspection to provide a stronger second layer of QA. Several parts being replaced as a result.
By land and sea 
Will be interesting to see what the meantime to Hitler is for these bots. Only took Microsoft's Tay a day. 
Owner video of Autopilot steering to avoid collision with a truck 
Godot  Full play 
Have recently come to appreciate the awesome, absurdist humor of Waiting for Godot. We so often wait, without knowing why, when or where.
me too!
Great video history of Falcon 9 by Kinematic 
Falcon 9 rocket back at port  
needs latest update
Activate autopilot 4X in quick succession for psychedelic cowbell road. And, yes, we are adding more cowbell soon.
Not from us, but it's awesome
Well, I thought TLI might be upset about using their material without permission. Apparently not :)
More launch and landing photos here  
Thanks
yes
4K footage from chase plane 
Onboard view of landing in high winds 
Tickets to orbital hotels, the moon and Mars will be a lot less than people think.
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation for all those who have supported Tesla, SpaceX &amp; SolarCity over the years. Thank you.
Thanks on behalf of an amazing team at SpaceX!
Thanks!
Thanks for your support! Looking forward to delivering the goods for you.
1st stage has landed on Of Course I Still Love You 
Propellant load underway for Falcon 9. Launch webcast will go live in about 10 minutes 
Screen cap from the stern cam of droneship "Of Course I Still Love You" 
Reasons for ocean landing are technical, not economic. Orbit requires extreme horizontal velocity. Getting to space needs none.
Launch of #Dragon cargo ship to set for 4:43pm ET. Weather is 90% GO:  
SolarCity panels produce enough zero carbon energy to charge entire Tesla fleet 
Nickel is also in nickels
Battery uses no rare Earth metals. Main ingredient is nickel, which is what's used to coat cutlery, so very non-toxic.
Over 325k cars or ~$14B in preorders in first week. Only 5% ordered max of two, suggesting low levels of speculation.
will have the full week's number early tomorrow morning
the only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
yes, will go all the way to Alaska
This is Ludicrous. Model S P90D takes on 737 
Dex will do comms, but my speeches are just a conversation w the audience. No time to rehearse &amp; don't want to read from a prompter.
we will
Doesn't sound right. Will check into it.
We are working on enlarging the opening. Aperture will be big enough for almost anything.
.@SpaceX gets ready for #Dragon launch. TV covers April 8 starting 3:30p ET/7:30p UTC.  htt…
Most telling is that the SpaceX Propulsion CTO switched from driving a Porsche 911 Turbo S to a Model X
Model X review 
probably unwise
won't be a hatchback, but we should be able to increase the opening width and height
yes
yes
yes
yes
sounds good
Signing off from impromptu Twitter AMA. Thanks for the suggestions. Btw, we really will have more cow bells.
Coming soon for all Tesla cars. Just an OTA software update.
yes, coming this year
Air suspension dynamically adjusts ride height
you can do that now with S and X. Will be same for 3.
correct
hopefully 0.21
what's the link to that?
No, but we will need to build a factory in Europe to serve long-term regional demand as Fremont reaches max capacity.
no problem
Will cover whole country hopefully this year
yes, but production AWD will be a lot faster
less
torque is shifted between front &amp; rear motors every ~.01 secs. Traction control is way better than a normal AWD. Digital vs analog.
And, of course, it will have more cowbells.
Model 3 will be RWD, with dual motor AWD optional. Even RWD will have great traction on ice due to fast torque response of Tesla drivetrain.
yes
Superchargers and service centers will cover all of Italy later this year
definitely
should be addressed this year
Only way to get enough rear passenger headroom was to move the rear roof cross-car support beam. A bike will still fit no problem.
that's not the real steering system
yes. Will easily fit two child seats. Three if you buy slim seats.
Some tweaking underway
Wait until you see the real steering controls and system for the 3. It feels like a spaceship.
Won't happen. Reason initial cars are delivered close to factory is to have rapid turnaround on early issues.
Edge and contour refinement are ongoing. Even .1mm matters.
They can. Will be great for road trips and camping
It will make sense after part 2 of the Model 3 unveil
A Model 3 order gives you priority in your geography, so, even tho total count is high, ordering early will make a big difference locally.
In general, product comments, suggestions and criticisms are always welcome
We always try to maximize customer happiness even if that means a revenue shortfall in a quarter. Loyalty begets loyalty.
There will be an optional tow hitch.
Our production ramp plan should enable large numbers of non X/S customers to receive the credit.
Matte black was surprisingly popular. Probably makes sense to bring it to production.
cool, thanks!
Yes, if the trend continues, before
276k Model 3 orders by end of Sat
Model 3 design sketches 
We are working on an exact date, but Tesla will be in India before 3 production starts.
They will. We spent a lot of time on those.
Roadster, S and X customers are the ones who got us here and are paying for 3. They deserve a lot of credit.
we will send something to everyone who ordered, but an extra gift for those who stood in some crazy long lines
yes, within a region. Can't deliver to all regions simultaneously. Too much complexity.
and a few other things
Token of appreciation for those who lined up coming via mail. Thought maybe 20-30 people per store would line up, not 800. Gifts on order.
Maybe 1/4 to 1/2 of what happened. No one at Tesla thought it would be this high before part 2 of the unveil.
Will give an update tonight for the 3 day total, then last one on Wed for the full week. All efforts focused on accelerating the ramp.
253k as of 7am this morning
thanks!
Now 232k orders
of course :)
Giga is designed to self-power via solar panels (primarily), wind &amp; geo, using its own batteries to store electricity at night.
def on the cards for the future
should be within a week or two max
Hi Alyssa, thanks for placing your faith in Tesla. I hope you have a great experience with the car.
Tesla's Model 3 already has 198,000 reservations ...and it totally lives up to the hype  
Definitely going to need to rethink production planning...
Thought it would slow way down today, but Model 3 order count is now at 198k. Recommend ordering soon, as the wait time is growing rapidly.
Model 3 orders at 180,000 in 24 hours. Selling price w avg option mix prob $42k, so ~$7.5B in a day. Future of electric cars looking bright!
Will include India-wide Supercharger network
sure!
Coming in the mail
Hardware in all cars. Autopilot safety features standard. Convenience features optional (like S and X).
Just order the SpaceX option package!
Thanks for tuning in to the Model 3 unveil Part 1! Part 2 is super next level, but that's for later…
Meet Model 3 – Make your reservation at  #Model3 
Longest line EVER #Model3 
yes, will cover whole country
yes
sure is
X and S will also be available
Adding several more countries to Model 3 order page tonight. Check for details, but will include India, Brazil, SA, SK, NZ, Sing &amp; Ireland.
Model 3 orders, whether in store or online, are limited to two per person
Online ordering at  will now open at 7:30pm Pacific to ensure no server overload. Presentation still at 8:30.
From almost anywhere
Coming soon!
Incredibly inspired by the interest in Model 3. You won't be disappointed. Also, small token of appreciation coming for those who lined up.
Model 3 unveil will be webcast live at 8:30pm California time at 
You will see the car very clearly, but some important elements will be added and some will evolve.
Tomorrow is Part 1 of the Model 3 unveil. Part 2, which takes things to another level, will be closer to production.
Model 3 order day starting in Australia 
You can now buy cruise ship tickets for the Arctic passage. Seeing is believing. 
Great article by Important to note max temp record. Too much attention on avg temp. Max matters most 
Looks like we may need to increase production plans for the Model 3 
"Model X is the quickest SUV we’ve ever tested. Period."  
Tesla charger map 
being fixed
Tesla Destination Charging in NYC will soon outnumber gas stations 
sure
Turn off recirc. Air exits thru rear vents. Snap in shade also avail from service, but I just tint the rear window.
Las Vegas utilities really don’t want the strip to go solar  
no
The AEI meeting wasn't secret and I was only there for a few hours to talk about Mars and sustainable energy. Nothing to do with Trump.
I interviewed .@elonmusk at World Forum and never came up. Discussed his plans for manned Mars mis…
Congrats to DeepMind! Many experts in the field thought AI was 10 years away from achieving this. 
The northern hemisphere has gone 2°C above pre-industrial temperatures for the first time  
SpaceX &amp; Tesla comp is same or better than other companies. Big diff is that we don't outsource manufacturing, retail sales or service.
SpaceX and Tesla rated most meaningful work in high tech. Also, most stressful, but that goes with the territory. 
Wasn't done at my request. Good hacking is a gift.
Rocket landed hard on the droneship. Didn't expect this one to work (v hot reentry), but next flight has a good chance.
Target altitude of 40,600 km achieved. Thanks for riding on Falcon 9! Looking forward to future missions.
We spoke earlier today and he said he would investigate the situation.
61 miles on Autopilot; 0 interruptions. "We're closer to autonomous cars than you think" 
It’s amazing how much more we spend on gasoline than on clean energy research. I did the math to figure it out... 
.@curtismcauliff SpaceX has not donated to any presidential campaign
Evolution hasn't advanced much 
MIT Technology Review 2016 
checking ...
exactly :)
Pushing launch to Friday due to extreme high altitude wind shear. Hits like a sledgehammer when going up supersonic 
Only heard about it today. Doesn't sound like they are in the right though in their dealings with our subcontractor.
"Tesla's Model X Is Mind Blowing in How Awesome It Is" -@TheStreet #MeetModelX 
Launch aborted on low thrust alarm. Rising oxygen temps due to hold for boat and helium bubble triggered alarm.
AF has placed launch on hold due to a boat entering the edge of the keep out zone. Scrambling helo to get them to move.
Great leg room for 3rd row, rear visibility better, easy storage of long cargo.
yes, it actually performed better than other colors on stain tests. Best not to have vented seats w kids though.
Can't emphasize enough that white is the best interior. Also, pick 6 seats unless you really need 7.
That said, the white interior is the best. Highly recommend.
Heavy use of the white causes splitting. Adding backing material to strengthen. Will be upgraded at no cost.
“Totally worth the wait.” Model X owner Randy takes for a spin on Autopilot #MeetModelX  …
"Autopilot takes out all frustration." Sadhish's commute now feels like half the time  
Worth reposting the Wait But Why piece on AI. We are at the beginning of exponential growth in digital intelligence. 
Next gen Atlas robot 
Weather remains 60% go for tomorrow's launch attempt. Window opens at 6:46pm ET. Webcast →  
Wonder what I'm upset about in #Indiana &amp; why I'm directing tweets at and Hey pay attention! 
"This is a fun car Elon!" new footage from 1st time I drove Model S, with CEO riding shot gun htt…
coming later this year
Increasing roadside coverage in NA from 50 to 500 miles for warranty tows. We've got you covered 24/7 
There is no way it is only 0.5%, given the staggeringly massive number of fossil subsidies that exist in every country, or as high as 50%.
Global economy of $100T is overwhelmingly fossil fuel based, so IMF estimate of $5T or 5% for carbon subsidy is def right order of magnitude
One to get us thinking! 
Just wanted to thank Stu G for  Know it meant a lot to you. Will take good care.
Don't you already have a spaceship? 
Worth noting that all gasoline cars are heavily subsidized via oil company tax credits &amp; unpaid public health costs 
Sigh … 
Hi :)
yeah, that's a great one too :)
Little bit
Worth watching "Nathan for You" on Comedy Central, particularly the "Dumb Starbucks" and "Mechanic/Realtor" episodes
My coffee tastes unusually good this morning 
Jan 2016 was the hottest January on record. By a LOT. Guess why. #globalwarming  
yes
Test Drives Whet Appetite for TSLA Model X Believers 
Interesting to think of physics as a set of compression algorithms for the universe. That's basically what formulas are.
yes, this was done jointly with Tesla and Radio Flyer
This baby Model S really is quite fun 
Great expose of the Koch Bros 'dirty war on solar power.' 
4 semi-autonomous cars put to the test: “Tesla’s Autopilot is the clear winner.” 
Model X gets its wings 
More details on Model 3 unveil in coming weeks. That's it for now.
yes
No signature series for Model 3. Same reservation amount for all.
global
Model 3 reservations ($1000 down) will be accepted in Tesla stores on March 31 and online April 1
good point
Should mention that Tesla Motors itself had nothing to do with the short movie. This was completely independent.
Love this Tesla video made by 
Why Summon enhances your safety and convenience  
My job moonlighting as a police officer in Brazil is no longer secret 
Must be a slow news day if denying service to a super rude customer gets this much attention
Interesting name
Watch 8 SuperDraco engines fire for Crew Dragon descent landing tether test:  More: ht…
2015 was the warmest year on record. Have Qs? Ask us at 1pm ET during a Science Q&amp;A:  
I didn't take anyone's car and never would. Car was actually allocated to engineering test (not by me) and inadvertently sold.
My best guess for 2016: ~70% landing success rate (so still a few more RUDs to go), then hopefully improving to ~90% in 2017
Thanks Jeff
Falcon lands on droneship, but the lockout collet doesn't latch on one the four legs, causing it… 
First stage approaches center of landing droneship in Pacific 
Stage 1 would reach low Earth orbit if not hefting a second stage, but payload would be greatly reduced.
Actually, didn't get environmental approval in time, but it was also good practice for missions where a ship is needed.
If speed at stage separation &gt; ~6000 km/hr. With a ship, no need to zero out lateral velocity, so can stage at up to ~9000 km/h.
Ship landings are not needed for flexibility or to save fuel costs. Just not physically possible to return to launch site
As mentioned before, ship landings are needed for high velocity missions. Altitude &amp; distance don't mean much for orbit. All about speed.
steel collet
Well, at least the pieces were bigger this time! Won't be last RUD, but am optimistic about upcoming ship landing. 
probably
However, that was not what prevented it being good. Touchdown speed was ok, but a leg lockout didn't latch, so it tipped over after landing.
Definitely harder to land on a ship. Similar to an aircraft carrier vs land: much smaller target area, that's also translating &amp; rotating.
After a successful launch, #Jason3 spacecraft has separated &amp; is flying free. Watch live:  
First stage on target at droneship but looks like hard landing; broke landing leg. Primary mission remains nominal → 
Out at sea for tomorrow's launch and landing attempt 
Rocket is vertical in advance of tomorrow's 1:42pm ET launch attempt of Jason-3 science satellite 
Maybe some debris ingestion. Engine data looks ok. Will borescope tonight. This is one of the outer engines.
Conducted hold-down firing of returned Falcon rocket. Data looks good overall, but engine 9 showed thrust fluctuations.
Next launch is a science mission from VAFB California on Sunday. 
Aiming to launch this weekend and (hopefully) land on our droneship. Ship landings needed for high velocity missions 
Sad to hear that David Bowie died. He was amazing.
In ~2 years, summon should work anywhere connected by land &amp; not blocked by borders, eg you're in LA and the car is in NY
Tap your phone or key and your car will open the garage door, exit, close the door and come to you. Will do same in reverse for unsummon.
First baby step in Tesla Summon capability now downloading over-the-air with V7.1
Worth reading The Machine Stops, an old story by E. M. Forster 
Falcon 9 back in the hangar at Cape Canaveral. No damage found, ready to fire again. 
Going up and coming down. More pics here -&gt;  
High res video of landing from the helo 
Another view of Falcon 9 first stage approaching Landing Zone 1 
Live video from LZ-1 
Falcon 9 standing on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral 
thanks!
There and back again 
Thanks Jon!
11 satellites deployed to target orbit and Falcon has landed back at Cape Canaveral. Headed to LZ-1. Welcome back, baby!
Background on the launch 
Launch &amp; landing can be seen on the  webcast or in person from Cape Canaveral public causeway at 8:33pm local tmrw
New photo of #Falcon9 in advance of tonight's ORBCOMM #OG2 launch. She's a beauty. #SpaceX 
Just reviewed mission params w SpaceX team. Monte Carlo runs show tmrw night has a 10% higher chance of a good landing. Punting 24 hrs.
Currently looking good for a Sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at Cape Canaveral
Meant to reply to this article: 
This article does not appreciate that Tesla is in California despite taxes net of rebates being higher. Incentives only a partial offset.
Long-Term Owner's Review Of Tesla Model X 
Static fire test looks good. Pending data review, will aim to launch Sunday.
Rounding up to 1 sec for a bit of timing margin. Updating flight computer command sequence …
Aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. Adjusting ignition sequence by 0.6 secs for next attempt.
About 2 mins from static fire
holding for issue resolution
Abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. Adjusting thresholds and restarting count at T-10 mins.
5 mins from static fire test
yes, from 70F to 20 F
It worked in Texas
-340 F in this case. Deep cryo increases density and amplifies rocket performance. First time anyone has gone this low for O2.
Falcon 9 is vertical on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral. Working towards static fire. Deep cryo liquid oxygen presenting some challenges.
Not really my letter (no authorship contribution). Just agreed to add my name when they asked.
Vance article on self-driving cars was inaccurate 
The single most effective way to curb carbon emissions? Carbon taxes. As we said in 1989  
Over 1,000 college students will compete to design the best Hyperloop pod  
Announcing formation of … 
Aiming for Falcon rocket static fire at Cape Canaveral on the 16th and launch about three days later
Agreed. Working on it.
wow 
Best of luck to the Cygnus launch
This was the coolest. Ever. 🙊🚀 
Supermodel blasts off to the future at HQ  
.@elonmusk delivers a simple message, a rev-neutral CO2 tax will lead us to a sustainable future. That's an idea mayors …
Nice ride! Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Good summary of my talk in Paris on climate change 
About to give a talk at the Sorbonne 
#13. Founders edition arrived yesterday. It's unbelievable. Sickest car on the planet. Cc 
Yep, good points. I hope you get back into space some day!
But credit for 1st reusable suborbital rocket goes to X-15  And Burt Rutan for commercial 
Jeff maybe unaware SpaceX suborbital VTOL flight began 2013. Orbital water landing 2014. Orbital land landing next. 
Not quite "rarest". SpaceX Grasshopper rocket did 6 suborbital flights 3 years ago &amp; is still around. 
The F9 booster can reach low orbit as a single stage if not carrying the upper stage and a heavy satellite.
Getting to space needs ~Mach 3, but GTO orbit requires ~Mach 30. The energy needed is the square, i.e. 9 units for space and 900 for orbit.
It is, however, important to clear up the difference between "space" and "orbit", as described well by 
Congrats to Jeff Bezos and the BO team for achieving VTOL on their booster
.@NASA orders crew mission to Read details at  
Sounds perfect, you had me at "enterprise".
Yeah and hell yeah
From anywhere
Should mention that I will be interviewing people personally and Autopilot reports directly to me. This is a super high priority.
We are looking for hardcore software engineers. No prior experience with cars required. Please include code sample or link to your work.
Ramping up the Autopilot software team at Tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. If interested, contact autopilot@teslamotors.com.
.@elonmusk we'd love it if you could share our trailer for film #RacingExtinction 
Why ever parallel park again? Model S has you covered  
definitely aliens!
Current production is LTE. Can be upgraded by service.
well done!
noted
The Autopilot is learning:Model S owners already reporting Tesla's Autopilot self-improving  
Wow, that's great!
Model S Ludicrous Mode achieves 2.6 sec 0-60 mph and 10.9 sec 1/4 mile in Motor Trend test 
yes, comes with each car
Watch: Tesla’s new autopilot technology prevents accident on slick Seattle road:  
Compliment from Jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of Tesla deserve all the credit
Jeffrey Katzenberg Recovering From Car Accident: "Thank You Elon Musk, You Saved My Life"  
I should clarify that  is an independent website. We don't have any control over the content.
Huge tree lands on #Tesla Model S, occupants protected. #ftw  
Cool! 
Beautiful up to date album of Dragon spacecraft photos released by 
Hopefully, mid to late next year. We are being more cautious abt expanding countries to ensure a great user experience each time.
Given high local demand, a Gigafactory in India would probably make sense in the long term.
Yes, establishing charging and service infrastructure in Mexico now. Official launch in next several months.
Auto import duties are prohibitively high. Hoping for a special category for EVs. Most of our discussion was about batteries.
We just finished building a huge expansion in Tilburg!
These are all things I've said before and are naturally needed to improve in-market affordability, so no real news here.
Model 3 is due in ~2 yrs. A China factory for local demand cd be as soon as a year after. A factory in Europe wd happen for same reason.
My comments in China weren't transcribed correctly. Tesla will keep making cars &amp; batteries in CA &amp; NV as far into future as I can imagine.
important to set AC to not recirc (air exits thru rear) and use the snap in shade, which Tesla service can provide
Amount of change needed is enormous - like a spinal cord transplant. Would cost less and work better with a new car.
Autopilot 1.01 coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
Regulatory approvals received, so Autopilot rolling out to all countries! (Excluding Japan, which is still under review)
all
Hoping for Friday release
Good feedback. Will write up a list of software priorities in the coming weeks.
What esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the 7.1 UI overhaul? Or new features entirely?
already in Jordan. Rest of states in region next year.
thanks Bonnie :)
planning to have a big opening in Mexico City soon and then proceed gradually to central and South America.
me too:
yay! Always happy to make others happy
big UI update coming in V7.1
we won't be, but yes
Tesla gets top rating of any company in service. Most important, CR says 97% of owners expect their next car to be a Tesla (the acid test).
Consumer Reports reliability survey includes a lot of early production cars. Already addressed in new cars.
already there
Happy “Back to the Future” day: 
Congrats on driving a Tesla from LA to NY in just over two days! 
amazing “@CNET: Alex Roy claims coast-to-coast Tesla Autopilot record 57 hours, 48 minutes  
Autopilot release to Europe and Asia pending regulatory approval. Hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
I like my car. When Tesla asked me to review the experience, I did. No ad. Unpaid, just because I wanted to. .
Watched the whole series. One of the best tv shows ever.
um, thanks, I like your work too
Colbert: I Woke Up Yesterday Morning and My #Tesla Could Drive Itself  
Watch this self-steering Tesla Model S drive itself  
sure :)
actually works best at night
Review of Model S by 
Tesla's Autopilot system is awesome and creepy and the sign of a beautiful future  
Breaking: Tesla just made its cars autonomous, kinda 
Depends on regulatory approval, but hopefully end of next week
1.5 million miles per day
V7.1
Lots of upgrades and a new look, although main UI upgrade coming with 7.1
ww
roughly 5 days
same
Non-autopilot will have a new interface too. More comprehensive UI update coming with 7.1.
yes
Some exciting news this week: Tesla Version 7 software with Autopilot goes to wide release on Thursday!
CH4 rapidly decays back to CO2 &amp; is absorbed by plants. What matters is adding new carbon to surface cycle from underground oil, gas &amp; coal.
Intentions are good, but massively overweights CH4's effect on climate.
Tesla P85D (assembled in Tilburg) beats 650 hp MacLaren from 0 to 150km/h in Dutch magazine test 
I didn't walk back anything, apart from media hype
yo
Regarding the watch, Jony &amp; his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. By version 3, it will be.
Yo, I don't hate Apple. It's a great company with a lot of talented people. I love their products and I'm glad they're doing an EV.
Peak temp increases due to climate change 
Mostly accurate and fun movie about Mars. Worth seeing. 
you can mount a rack to the roof via suction cups and still have one Falcon door work fine. Guaranteed up to 140 mph.
door is larger than opening and acts as an umbrella. Upper interior trim has hydrophobic coating.
Front doors have a short arc and their interior panels are chamfered back
Model X Bioweapon Defense Mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. Has hospital operating room level filtering.
am def 6'2"
CNN on how Falcon doors work in tight garages. Above 6 2' ft, my height :), doors work fine. 
The Tesla Model X's Falcon Wing doors open even in the tightest spots  

Side view of Falcon Wing doors 
thanks, that's a great idea. I think we can do that.
Elon Musk-backed SolarCity claims to have built industry's most efficient solar panel  
Elon Musk unveils "world's most efficient" solar panel 
Elon Musk won't nuke Mars, just give it 2 temporary suns 
Btw, price of Model X is actually only $5k more than S. Lower cost versions coming later.
This is it! The Tesla Model X  
Meet Model X. Watch it live here  #ModelX 
Tesla's Model X is finally here! Here's all the stuff we didn't already know  
Tesla's Model X SUV is finally here, and it's as wonderful as we'd hoped  
California time
Model X launch webcast live today 8pm at  Time to show the real thing. 
Water! Strong evidence that liquid water flows on present-day Mars. Details:  #MarsAnnouncement 
Great discussion about solar/batteries empowering rural communities 
China shows its commitment on climate change 
This week we static fired the first stage of the upgraded Falcon 9 for a planned 15 seconds 
Dinner in an old Belgian ironmongery. Best menu art ever. 
It was super good
Midnight dinner in Berlin 
Casey has driven 500+ miles in a Tesla Model S 85D on a single charge! 
Dragon on Mars. 
In expendable mode, Falcon Heavy can send a fully loaded Dragon to Mars or a light Dragon to Jupiter's moons. Europa mission wd be cool.
Dragon 2 is designed to land on any surface (liquid or solid) in the solar system. Am glad to see people thinking about applications!
Researchers at propose using Falcon/Dragon for Mars sample return mission 
The snowpack in the Sierra Nevada has hit a 500-year low. Here it is in 2010 and 2015  
New model for evolution of intelligent life suggests probable emergence 2 billion years ago near galactic center 
thanks!
Btw, not saying we *should* nuke Mars -- just layin' out a few options …
Our partner unveiled the interior of their Crew Dragon spacecraft:  
First look at interior of Crew Dragon, our next-generation spacecraft →  
First production cars will be handed over on Sept 29 at our Fremont factory
Definitely
Lithium deal is not exclusive &amp; has many contingencies. The press on this matter is unwarranted.
$35k price, unveil in March, preorders start then.
Model 3, our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about 2 years. Fully operational Gigafactory needed.
With same options, Model X is $5k more than an S due to greater size &amp; body complexity. Sig Series is fully loaded, hence high price.
Pad 39A will be future home to launches and Falcon Heavy missions 
Test driving my new Tesla with dealer Dan. Love it!! 
Breaking: Tesla P85D is the best car we’ve tested in 80 years of testing cars #carofthefuture  h…
#P85D setting new world record in #hypermiling driving 728.7 km/452.8 mi on a single charge 
I appreciate the kind words in the article, but, judging by the picture mods, it looks your Photoshop bill was very high.
True, but achieving a long range affordable electric vehicle has always been our long-term goal. Due in late 2017! 
We've concluded that the P85D is pretty much the best car in the world.  #Tesla 
Article on and colonizing Mars by 
Comments section on this article is awesome 
Travel down the Model S production line 
Provided all ten take delivery, you have indeed!
Tesla Snakebot autocharger prototype. Does seem kinda wrong :) 
Unique vantage point of DSCOVR provides amazing shot of Moon orbiting Earth  
yes
The car will learn over time, but there is a min caliber of starting quality.
Various forms of shades are being considered. May not be necessary though.
all regions
Final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
Almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
A carbon tax is the best way to reduce emissions. Failing that, halt subsidies to fossil fuels  htt…
Thanks Alyssa!
thanks Loic :)
Even if inevitable, we should at least attempt to postpone the advent of AI weaponry. Sooner isn't better.
If you’re against a military AI arms race, please sign this open letter: 
probably end of year
Ludicrous speed, 70 kWh rear drive and 90 kWh battery pack 
Model S product call at 11 today. Rocket discussion at noon on Monday.
If the moon were only 1 pixel: a ginormously accurate scale model of the solar system!! 
“One must be sane to think clearly, but one can think deeply &amp; be quite insane.” Nikola Tesla. Happy b-day to you. 
Expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. Will brief key customers &amp; FAA, then post on our website.
Tesla Model S Owner Loyalty Probably Unparalleled In Industry 
Cause still unknown after several thousand engineering-hours of review. Now parsing data with a hex editor to recover final milliseconds.
Thanks David
yeah, not the best birthday
That's all we can say with confidence right now. Will have more to say following a thorough fault tree analysis.
There was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
Thanks :)
Falcon 9 experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. Will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
On track for launch tomorrow to Liftoff targeted for 10:21am ET – watch live  
Drone hexacopter takes pic of drone ship OCISLY on station in the Atlantic 
Droneship "Of Course I Still Love You" just before it left port 
Trying for another rocket landing tmrw. This time on the droneship "Of Course I Still Love You". 
You're welcome. Good conversation.
End of year
Credit for SolarCity is really due to Rive bros &amp; great team there. My contribution is fairly small.  via
The why and how of landing rockets  
Important to note that Model S resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
Looks like our AI babies will be fed a diet of CNN and Daily Mail: DeepMind Teaches Machines to Read | MIT Tech Rev 
Tesla service team helps save a stray kitten that took refuge in a Model S. Nice work guys! 
To be clear, SpaceX is supporting a student design competition for STEM, not trying to build Hyperloop itself. Other cos are doing latter.
SpaceX/Tesla will also do a reference pod to be shown after the competition. Bonus for all racing teams that exceed reference.
Announcing the Hyperloop Pod Competition  
My kids love "The Lost Planet" by Now on a rare second read!
Falling back to Earth 
The Story of Tesla:  Nothing has every taken any human as long as this took me. Good luck. 
Cool, thanks for letting us know. This is helpful for figuring out fairing reusability.
Air Force certifies to compete for launching national security satellites 
What are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for Twitter?
Another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is 10cm. What is its remaining volume?
Astronomer Royal Martin Rees: How soon will robots take over the world? - via 
Cargo is offloaded and spacecraft is powered down. #Dragon back in its nest after about 5 weeks at the 
This is not the full Gigafactory, it is just the pilot plant (1/4 size) 
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says IMF 
My brilliant brother has a message for you, future dead person. 
Tired of the same old travel destinations? Discover the wonder of Mars  
Adventure awaits! Explore Mars’ ultimate vacation destinations  
Hi Julie!
Agreed. affirms States to allow consumers to choose how they buy their cars. #Tesla #Michigan 
Thanks Christie
That is true. If someone says they are thinking about having kids, I always encourage them to do so.
It is total BS &amp; hurtful to claim that I told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. I would never do that.
Of 22 Quotes from  2 need correcting: 1. I strongly support pregnancy leave 2. I've never called myself a samurai
I have never written or said this. Ashlee's book was not independently fact-checked. Should be taken w a grain of salt.
Max acceleration was 6X gravity, altitude 1187m, lateral distance 1202m and velocity 155 m/s. Main chutes deployed 970m.
Dragon abort test video 
Dragon abort test stats: 0 to 100 mph in 1.2 sec, top speed of 345 mph
This morning, a Crew Dragon test article completed a Pad Abort Test, the 1st critical test in prep for human missions 
Hold down firing of Dragon 2 spacecraft at Cape Canaveral 
Five things to know about Wednesday's Crew Dragon Pad Abort Test:  #LaunchAmerica 
Very funny post of a Tesla owner test driving a gasoline car 
While I like the initials, I'd take the so-called "EM Drive" with a grain o salt per article 
My favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship 
Last night's Tesla Powerwall and Powerpack unveiling 
Press conference went way over time. Tried to give all the journalists who'd traveled far an opportunity to ask a question.
For more info on Tesla Energy, check out press kit. $250/kWh for utility scale is the real kicker 
Haha, awesome :)
For the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ... 
Rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. Still so damn intense. Looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
Worth watching The AI would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
Rocket moving to the pad tonight in advance of tomorrow's launch attempt. 6:14pm ET window opens. Weather 60% go. 
Here she is! :) 
New Roadster battery should complete safety validation by end of July, so likely available in August
Wow!
While the rocket does look rather tall &amp; tippy, a stable landing is no problem with proper throttle response 
Cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. Next attempt in 2 months.
Brand new Store &amp; Service Center in Shanghai Hongqiao. #Tesla #China 
I only invest in companies I help found or to help a friend or a cause (no return expected for latter two)
#Dragon is now fully attached to Hatch opening to occur over the next day. 
Droneship is fine. No hull breach and repairs are minor. Impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
High resolution, color corrected, slow motion rocket landing video 
Falcon 9 first stage landing burn and touchdown on Just Read the Instructions 
If this works, I'm treating myself to a volcano lair. It's time.
Ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. Big ocean, small ship. Posting vid shortly 
Looks like Falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing 
Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
3 mins to liftoff
Weather 60% "go" for #Falcon9 launch today 4:10pm ET. Lightning/clouds still a concern.  
Launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. In this case, Space Station. For Earth-Sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
Odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than 50%. The 80% figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
an illustrated guide from .@popmech for today's historic lauch 
#Falcon9 &amp; #Dragon now vertical in advance of today’s CRS-6 launch, targeted for 4:33pm ET.  
Just Read the Instructions on location &amp; ready for tomorrow’s 1st stage landing attempt.  
Have asked SolarCity if we can do something philanthropic with the CA aqueducts to help the water crisis. Investigating…
Thanks!
We debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over 5 yrs (avg ownership period). Since it's true, we are sticking w it.
Waited to say something until after we fixed some of the options pricing (too high) and colors (too many similar)
Just announced new Tesla 70D all-wheel drive, 240 mile range car for ~$55k (after gas savings &amp; incentives) 
To land a rocket, Just Read the Instructions 
Testing of the high performance version of the Tesla Model S by 
Took my Tesla out to a dragstrip last week and ran the 1/4 mile. 112 MPH, 0 to 60 in 4 seconds. Like driving an X-Wing fig…
Battery "breakthroughs" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. They usually fail on energy.
Falcon 9 and Dragon undergoing prep in FL in advance of 4/13 launch to the  
Welcome to He will apply Formula 1 techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
You had me at Sheen or Gaddafi. Must admit to liking "The Fault in Our Stars" too. Sad, romantic and beautifully named
We just got banned in West Virginia. Oh no. 
Breaking news: CERN researchers confirm existence of the Force  
Announcing the amazing Tesla Model W 
In 2014 half the investment in new electricity generation was in green tech.  
Look at them go. driving climate change. #ActOnClimate 
With all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
SolarCity just hit a new daily energy record of 5GWh two weeks after reaching 4GWh
🙈 
Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs 8pm, April 30
Elon Musk says we shouldn't need an environmentally motivated reason to ditch fossil fuels:  
Right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. Otherwise, having 2D streets and 3D buildings means bad traffic forever.
Reasons I like tunnels: you still travel in 3D fast, but immune to weather, quiet and no risk cars fall on your head
Flying car pros: travel in 3D fast. Cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
Contrary to press reports, I'm not against flying cars. Just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
Tonight’s new podcast: Explore “The Future of Humanity with and 
Maybe it's wrong, but I really want to see mammoths 
Falcon 9 lifting off with 1.3 mmmillion pounds of force 
Reading Look to Windward by Banks. He is an amazing writer. Pantheon level.
Unfortunately, Asimov's books largely illustrate why the three laws don't work
Another Easter Egg will be hidden in the Model S code in 2015. Last one took a year to find. Next one should be easier.
Just changed them to full public domain
SpaceX Photos Are Now Available Under a Creative Commons License 
Thanks to everyone that supported Tesla in New Jersey! We couldn't have done it without you. 
However, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. Hopefully not.
To be clear, Tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. Hopefully, that is obvious.
‘What If No One Travels Anywhere Ever Again?’ Wonders Panicked Transportation Secretary  
Battery pack swap is active between SF and LA and seems to be working well. Supercharging is the future, though, for non-commercial traffic.
Neither I nor the company are selling shares. Even if we were, I wouldn't do this. It would be wrong. Our long term results are what matter.
Some people seem to think I tweet to affect share price. This is false. A brief rise in $TSLA stock obviously does no good for Tesla or me.
SolarCity systems generated a new daily record of 4 gigawatt-hours this week 
World's largest hedge fund soon to be powered by artificial intelligence 
Introducing Landing Complex 1, formerly Launch Complex 13, at Cape Canaveral in Florida. 
Maybe this is all the work of the Stonecutters! Certainly connects a lot of themes ... 
For more on the Fermi Paradox:   and 
The ancient Egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Btw, please don't mention the pyramids. Stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
Seems like an opportune moment to bring up the Fermi Paradox, aka "where are the aliens?" Really odd that we see no sign of them.
Jupiter's moon Ganymede has a saltwater ocean, opening possibility for life:  
Model S in drag race against snowmobile on ice lake in Norway (no tire chains or studs) 
"Any doubts that electric cars are the future are blown away within minutes of driving a Model S" 
There is no slowdown of the Gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near Reno with eyes can verify. It's not subtle.
Some shots of the Gigafactory pilot plant (~20% of full size) under construction 
2nd of 2 satellites from tonight's launch being deployed into supersynchronous transfer orbit 
Upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
Both satellites deployed on target. Now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over Europe &amp; Asia.
Next landing attempt will be 3rd launch from now. Tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
3 hours from #Falcon9 launch of 2 communications satellites: ABS 3A &amp; 115 West B→  
Excellent and funny intro article about Artificial Superintelligence! Highly recommend reading 
Tesla Model S rated by as best car in world for 2nd year in a row 
Landing on a stormy sea 
Rocket soft landed in the ocean within 10m of target &amp; nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there.
We could actually do that...maybe we should
Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure :)
Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft.
Mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. Survival probability &lt;1%.
A NOAA buoy near the suspected ASDS location has been reporting wave heights &gt; 25 feet since Tue. evening. 
Coming home 
Dragon splashdown off the California coast 
Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in 90 mins
Extreme wind shear over Cape Canaveral. Feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. Hoping it changes …
Live at 1:45pm ET: Watch live coverage of the departure of #Dragon from  
"What Are The Civilian Applications?" 
The universe sent us a smiley face from 7.5 billion light-years away :)  
Busy Tuesday: #Dragon loaded w/return cargo, set for Earth return &amp; splashdown in Pacific tmrw just before 4:45pm PT. 
#DSCOVR launch now targeted for Tues. 2/10 6:05pm ET; backup on Wed. 2/11 6:03pm ET.  
Prob good though. Will give us time to replace 1st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost 2X force and 4X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
Launching our 1st deep space mission today. Headed to Earth-Sun L1 gravity null point at 1M miles, 4X further than moon.
#Falcon9 is vertical in advance of tonight’s #DSCOVR launch, targeting 6:10pm EST. Watch LIVE:  
America’s next gen crewed spacecraft is almost ready for a test flight. Pad abort vehicle shipping to FL shortly. 
If you are curious about the P85D, you can schedule a test drive here: 
Painting the name on the droneship ... 
P85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
Video made by owner of a P85D going up a 14% grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck SUVs 
Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed was a side effect
Tesla P85D 0 to 60mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm
Updated animation of Falcon Heavy flight and booster recovery. Check it out:  
Great DragTimes video of people experiencing P85D "Insane Mode" acceleration for the first time 
Final one: anything launched by a railgun (if you could ever reach ~ Mach 27) would explode upon exiting the barrel in our dense atmosphere
Ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). Must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up.
And pls don't ask me about space elevators until someone at least builds a carbon nanotube structure longer than a footbridge
Reason is Newton's Third Law. In vacuum, there is nothing to "push" against. You must react against ejected mass.
If u saw and wonder why doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
We're losing species faster than we can count. Join #RacingExtinction in the race to stop the next mass extinction. ht…
It's on! Utilities starting to play dirty vs solar. But the sun will shine &amp; people will rise. 
West Coast droneship under construction will be named "Of Course I Still Love You"
Good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly AI 
Good piece
... In honor of IMB, RIP.
Repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name "Just Read the Instructions"
This guy beat Google’s super-smart AI — but it wasn’t easy 
The universe is really, really big 
Of course!
Close, but no cigar. This time. 
Next rocket landing on drone ship in 2 to 3 weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. At least it shd explode for a diff reason.
Full RUD (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event. Ship is fine minor repairs. Exciting day! 
Residual fuel and oxygen combine 
Rocket hits hard at ~45 deg angle, smashing legs and engine section 
Before impact, fins lose power and go hardover. Engines fights to restore, but … 
Tks. Turns out we recovered some impact video frames from drone ship. It's kinda begging to be released…
&gt;@SpaceX #Dragon open for business at #ISS. #Exp42 unloads and sets up new research...  
Contact Steve Davis at Hyperloop@spacex.com
Also thinking of having an annual student Hyperloop pod racer competition, like Formula SAE 
Will be building a Hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. Most likely in Texas.
Funding research on artificial intelligence safety. It's all fun &amp; games until someone loses an I 
Yesterday's mission to the Space Station lights up the cloudy night sky of Cape Canaveral 
First question asked of AI; "Is there a god?" First AI answer; "There is now"
World's top artificial intelligence developers sign open letter calling for AI safety research: 
Hydraulics are usually closed, but that adds mass vs short acting open systems. F9 fins only work for 4 mins. We were ~10% off.
Am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. You guys rock!
Upcoming flight already has 50% more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
Didn't get good landing/impact video. Pitch dark and foggy. Will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces.
Ship itself is fine. Some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced...
Rocket made it to drone spaceport ship, but landed hard. Close, but no cigar this time. Bodes well for the future tho.
Ascent phase good. Dragon deployed to Space Station rendezvous orbit.
Launching in one minute
T-30 min to Falcon 9 and Dragon launch. Live launch webcast:  
At mission control in California. Launch in 60 mins. Looks good so far.
Swimming on the moon 
F9 &amp; Dragon now vertical on the launch pad. Liftoff 4:47am ET. Live launch webcast:  
Jon Stewart had a sober Daily Show message: #CharlieHebdo was on "Team Civilization."  
Ah yes, the “Bird 9”. Meet our rocket:  
Need to investigate the upper stage Z actuator. Was behaving strangely. Next launch attempt on Friday at 5am.
F9 &amp; Dragon are vertical in advance of tmrw's 6:20am ET launch. Live launch webcast:  
Taking questions now at 
Background on our attempt to land Falcon 9 rocket on a station-keeping drone ship in the Atlantic 
Drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the Atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing 
Ask me anything at 9pm Florida time (focused on tomorrow's 6am rocket launch) 
2014 included: 6 Falcon 9 launches ✓ Crew Dragon unveiling ✓ Soft landing 1st stage ✓ Here's to a revolutionary 2015! 
Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. For realz.
Model S range curves in detail by version 
Roadster upgrade details 
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost 400 mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgänger cookie trickery!
I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty. 
Tesla fast battery swap details 
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant.
These are some of the coolest libraries in the world--PHOTOS:  
New Consumer Reports owners survey rates Model S the most loved car. 98% would buy again. 
Welcome back to run the communications team!
That works for Dragon, but hard to do for something long like Falcon
The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger: 
No choice. Entry velocity too high for a precision landing with N2 thrusters alone. Must have aero surfaces for pitch trim.
Using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign &amp; more data. Maybe flight 21.
Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for "x-wing" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll.
Base is 300 ft by 100 ft, with wings that extend width to 170 ft. Will allow refuel &amp; rocket flyback in future.
Autonomous spaceport drone ship. Thrusters repurposed from deep sea oil rigs hold position within 3m even in a storm. 
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight 
Cuteness overload MT “@WIRED: A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear  
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ... 
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
DeepMind co-founder Shane Legg on unsafe AIs being given access to supercomputers in the 2020s (@elonmusk's fear?) 
Tesla comic book 
Advances in image-recognition software show identification of entire scenes, not just objects  
Hong Kong street view from a right hand drive Model S. 
The Model S scores Euro NCAP 5-star safety score, w/cool video 
unfettered certainly and at very low cost
SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in 2 to 3 months.
Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity 
Review of performance version of dual motor Model S by 
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Sorry to hear about the launch. Hope they recover soon.
Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged.
Article in re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up 65% year-over-year in North America.
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
[PHOTO] Splashdown! Dragon lands in the Pacific Ocean, carrying 3,276 lbs of cargo &amp; science samples. 
Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras 
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation 
Kinda trippy seeing myself on I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
The Pentagon has warned the US military about the dangers of climate change  
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot 
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
Popular New Exercise App Just Tells Users They Ran 5 Miles A Day No Matter What  
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
About time to unveil the D and something else 
“@TheDailyShow: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming. 
This is for my friends - #Dragon over #Hawthorne early this morning. 
Congratulations India! “@MarsOrbiter: What is red, is a planet and is the focus of my orbit? 
#Dragon is now attached to the #ISS, its home for the next four weeks.  
[PHOTO] Liftoff!! Falcon 9 lifts off from LC-40 at Cape Canaveral carrying Dragon to resupply the space station. 
Good suggestion :)
Falcon 9 &amp; #Dragon vertical on the launch pad prior to CRS-4 launch, targeting 2:14am ET.  
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
New software update for Model S. Details on v6.0: 
Would also like to congratulate fellow winner of the commercial crew program
This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year: 
Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that has placed in for the future of human spaceflight
icymi The red planet could go green: Scientists able to grow crops in fake Moon and Mars soil 
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
sounds about right
Meeting with in a building called … 
Just did crazy Japanese game show called 逆転の法則. I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome 
Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by 
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan 
Lego has triumphed over Barbie. It's now the world's biggest toy company.  
It was exactly what I was looking for
Long exposure of AsiaSat 6 transiting to geo orbit over China 
Noodles in Shinjuku 
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite 
The graph that really matters  
Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain &amp; Portugal by end of 2015.
Model S limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon.
That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model 3.
The red areas on this map show where new high-temperature records have been set in 2014:  
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon. 
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky …
Wikception 
Scary Smart Video Predicts Automation Will Make Human Work Obsolete 
Kids dump 5 ice buckets over my head for ALS &amp; they nominate Notch, Johnny Depp and Tony Hawk! 
Yes. Technically Model 3 or maybe three horizontal bars. Won't be three vertical bars.
Am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ... 
Announcing our 50th Supercharger in Europe! We’ve opened Supercharger 50 in Narbonne, France.  
Forget Siri: Viv, a radical new AI, teaches itself and reads your mind 
Long exposure of the Falcon 9 predawn launch from Cape Canaveral 
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
Falcon 9 flight 11 to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning 
Love EFF “@arstechnica: EFF inaugurates “Stupid Patent of the Month”  by
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by is also worth reading
Yeah, Daemon is a great read
Mass Effect 2 is one of the best games ever. Also love Saints Row IV.
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
La selfie del monito ... 
“@SpaceX: Soft water landing of Falcon 9 rocket booster.  Full update: 
Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
Flight 10 of Falcon 9 was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
A lot of Canadian Superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so
Tesla Superchargers delivered over 1GWh last month. Long distance driving growing exponentially 
Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality  via
Test flight of Falcon 9-R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control 
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York 
Edmunds beats Tesla LA-NY record by several hours! “@edmunds: Made it! Our Model S made LA-NY run in 67 hrs and 21 mins"
Happy #fathersday 
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Regarding Tesla patents 
Faith restored in humanity. French toast &gt; money 
Bloomberg interview #ChefMovie 
I do seriously need a haircut :)
More Office Workers Switching To Fetal Position Desks  
Eugene—the supercomputer, not 13-year-old—first to beat the Turing Test  by
Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming "Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths &amp; Giant Sloths" 
4 second summary of 2014 annual shareholder meeting  :)
Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at 
Amazing repair job of Falcon 9 ocean landing vid by forum. Now shows leg deploy 
Model S in drag queen competition 
Prince Albert &amp; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open Monaco! The honor is much appreciated :) 
399 EV`s in World Record breaking parade in Bryne, Norway today. 100+ Teslas!
When we launch I want to know that SpaceX has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. Only a few more years to go.
How about this guy 
Dragon V1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. Probably comparable reliability to Shuttle, but we need to do better.
Just the air in Dragon. Technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard Dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok.
First, the cheese. Then, the mouse.
The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: 40 mousetronauts! 
Contracting official's new job raises questions 
Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per request 
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Air Force official awards $10B+ contract uncompeted &amp; then takes lucrative job w funds recipient 
Great progress by members repairing the Falcon 9 ocean landing video 
[PHOTO] Splashdown! Dragon lands in the Pacific Ocean with 3,500 pounds of ISS cargo. 
Dragon is set to return home early tmrw – watch it depart from station LIVE:  6:00am PT. 
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
I would be happy to help
Rogozin Calls for Ban on U.S. Military Use of RD-180 
Worth seeing by Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today 
~40%
Second flight of Falcon 9-R. 1000m, hover and land (with cows) 
SpaceX says rocket purchases violate Russian sanctions, gets injunction  by
Cover drops on May 29. Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup.
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk 2 spaceship that has been working on w No trampoline needed
almost
no problem
yes
Superchargers in Canada will go live in 6 to 8 weeks. Update on forums shortly.
Letter from to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract 
100th Supercharger goes live 
FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers 
Blog post: INCREDIBLE footage of the Dragon capsule in orbit over France, 25 minutes after launch! 
Flight computers continued transmitting for 8 seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal.
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Rocket boost stage reaching 0 m/s in one piece :) Will know soon. Odds not high.
Last known state for rocket boost stage is 360 m/s, Mach 1.1, 8.5 km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Falcon 9-Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background 
Hexacopter drone vid of 1st F9 rocket booster takeoff &amp; landing w flight design legs 
Need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land
Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help? 
This is 1st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
Launch to the Space Station in just under three hours if weather holds 
Honored that would entrust with the Apollo 11 (first moon landing) launch pad 
When life gives you lemons… 
Also, breakfast at Tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
Leasing a Model S takes 5 mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
Tesla US business leasing program went live today 
Yeah, that's worth a read
What could possibly go wrong? 
That would definitely help
Yeah, that about sums it up
Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
The show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as reporter claimed
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Coming soon
Once 5.9 is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out 6.0 to owners on our public beta program
Some challenges w 5.9 rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in Norway &amp; Belgium
Review of Model S by much appreciated 
Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology 
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore 
Now having breakfast at ... 
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky 
80% to 30%
Consumer groups say manufacturers like Tesla "should be able to sell directly if they want and buyers would benefit" 
agreed
Astronomers find the twisted fingerprints of cosmic inflation in the background glow of the Universe. 
Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc &amp; mushroom cloud images 
Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey 
Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the graphite story. Beyond ridiculous...
Yes, I'm confident that Tesla will do something with them.
Not true. The amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from Japan and is mined in a very clean way.
Well, now that Satoshi Nakamoto has been discovered, I guess it is case closed ... :)
Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by 2 recent college grads. I love it! 
If you're in NJ, please come support Tesla at the NJ Motor Vehicle Commission HQ Tues at 2p. 222 E State St., 8th Floor Ea…
New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales 
Interesting “@om:Physicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing 
Arrived in #hawthorne completing 7740 mile round trip #coasttocoasttocoast in a #modelS60 in 9.5 days. For free.
Yeah, I'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the Union Rescue Mission in LA
Thanks, I really appreciate your support!
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports 
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon 9 
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon 9 for next month's Space Station servicing flight 
There's a rally against anti-Tesla bills #HB2524 and #SB6272 WA State Capital right now. 
What happens when a Model S get rear ended? #tank #amazing 
Welcome back Jade Rabbit! #Yutu 
Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio &amp; prevent consumer choice... 
Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is "awesome" - Lord Business
Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the "Everything is awesome..." theme song.
Value is holding up "Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - 
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in 76 hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
Tesla cars are now in all 50 US states (map credit Edmunds)! 
Congratulations to John and Jill, first to drive across US using only free Superchargers! 
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx 80% of US population covered.
Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes &amp; shipping) everywhere in the world 
Revenue expected to exceed guidance by 20% in Q4 2013 thanks to Model S' stellar safety record &amp; winter performance: 
A combination of hubris, treachery, and low prices will mark the end of your reign as Mattress King | Horoscopes: 
Rough cut of Falcon 9 Thaicom flight 
[PHOTO] LIFTOFF of SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket carrying the THAICOM 6 satellite to geosynchronous transfer orbit. 
Falcon 9 has successfully deployed THAICOM 6 into its target orbit
Thanks Bill! Sure is a great start to 2014 :)
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at 5pm Florida time 
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Merry Christmas!
NHTSA has reaffirmed the 5-star safety rating of Model S for 2014, confirming the highest safety rating in America! 
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
This is why I think solar power will be the primary long term solution 
true
220 ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical 
Learn what it's like to own Model S in the winter and how it performs in the sub-zero temperatures of Norway: 
the Tesla showroom in Amsterdam is unbelievable! #ElectricCarsFTW 
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation 
Santa came early this year for a little girl in Texas, thanks to #Tesla.  #…
Sock monkey of destruction! 
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are 200 Wh/kg vs 250 for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production 
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at 8,000 miles 
[PHOTO] Falcon 9 and SES-8 liftoff from SpaceX's launch pad at Cape Canaveral 
Restart was good, apogee raised to 80k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Live video feed of launch at 
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on We've given it our all.
cool :)
I agree. Will be restored shortly.
An Amazon drone just flew away with my dog.
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
The writer of this article had a problem with his 12V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall 
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces 7000 horsepower &amp; weighs 160 lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine 9 (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Live stream of launch at 
15 mins to liftoff 
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Model S Owner drives 3121 miles solo from Canada to Mexico 
Good description of the launch by 
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Model S can seat 5 adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
...but only if you like your house "Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside  "
Falcon 9 launch window opens tmrw at 5:39pm EST. Watch LIVE at  Happy #Spacegiving! 
This is what happens when your car is not a #Tesla Model S.  This will never …
Ford issues 4th and 5th recalls for 2013 Escapes spontaneously catching fire. Not in the mainstream media. ht…
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
Falcon 9 targeted to launch SES-8 for tmrw. 1st SpaceX GEO transfer mission.  
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via  webcast around 5:30 local time on Monday
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from 1800 m/s to 1500 m/s.
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to 80,000 km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at 99/100 
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than 100,000 gas car fires that kill 100s of people per year?
Mission of Tesla 
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing 
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone 1 had a bug back in '07
Model S owner blogs about TN accident 
Thanks Woz! "@stevewoz: Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ 2 others)"
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel! 
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao 
Rocket flight to 744m, hover &amp; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone) 
About the Model S fire ... 
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors. 
You can watch the launch at  
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Water ice on Mars 
We actually are outside some of the IPCC prediction ranges from 20 years ago 
Sensible piece on status of climate change by 
Falcon 9 launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky 
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions! 
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in 10 days 
Falcon 9 at sunset 
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable 200 mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is 360 deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot@teslamotors.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept 29/30.
Full thrust achieved on 2 sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Upcoming Falcon 9 demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant 
First of next gen Falcon 9 rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base 
MT “@johnnyhotts: Correction: Japan's levitating train hit 361 MPH  It will operate at 310”
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes 200 mph w avg speed of 130 mph when Japan is 300 mph+
Japan’s L-Zero maglev train hit 310 mph in a demonstration last week. And it's pretty awesome looking. 
Video review of Model S vs. Aston Martin Rapide S by 
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS 3D metal printer 
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures &amp; then 3D printing it in a metal superalloy ... 
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead 
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
Reality is the best illusion
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt 
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows! 
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize &amp; hover, rapid descent back to pad 
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Hyperloop Alpha at  and  
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at 1:30 PDT.
Hangout with &amp; me tomorrow at 9am California time 
“@eirene_inc: “The universe is prob littered w/ the 1-planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic 
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway #KatieWoodencloak
Not quite correct. Model X price is similar to S. Vehicle after that will be smaller and cost ~$35k.
Model S' groundbreaking platform is displayed in the center of London for "The Future is Here" exhibit! 
Best saying ever “@temochdez: there is a saying in Mexico: "El miedo no anda en burro" meaning "Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"”
It gets dark when the sun goes down.
Valley networks suggest ancient snowfall on #Mars 
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there! 
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around 2m
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; 5% of vehicle mass
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug 12. Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
 is helpful, as is reiterating that you're about *efficiency*. Most no-brainer compone…
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon 9 booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
Dear Oil, I am breaking up with you...  ---
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
So true “@jlgolson: BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.”
UDP (yeah you know me) 3X
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says “I’d like a beer.” Barman replies “You’d like a beer?” “Yes,” replies TCP packet,“I’d like a beer.”
5D optical #memory in #glass could record the last evidence of civilization 
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. 325M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop 
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the 100k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
One learns something new every day “@UberFacts: A “Buttload” is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to 126 gallons.”
Thanks :)
Taking action. Will be a 7 day grace period for $2500 ext warranty. Neg margin at that price, so must unfortunately raise.
You should point out this campaign wasn't started by TM but by concerned citizens that want a fair deal &amp; a futur…
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states 
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Tesla service can do coating or can be done by any auto glass coating company. My car is done on side &amp; rear
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents &amp; get IR coating on rear glass.
will do
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
Tesla Pack Swap Event video is up: 
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid 
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap 
Partial recall of Model S 
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around 9:30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at 8pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation &amp; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well 
1st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon 9 rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust 
True
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne! 
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next 3 months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
I don't have a publicist
No near term plans to IPO Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth 
Vac thrust of 700 tons means avg of 14 tons/floor of structural steel for a 50 story building.
50% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be 60% higher with some tweaks.
1st firing of Falcon 9-R advanced prototype rocket. Over 1M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper 
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year 
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose 
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
I'm a physicist &amp; 97% # seems right—v rare to find a scientist not convinced by evidence, &amp; ~none think there …
You Can Fit A Lot Of Kindergartners In A Tesla Model S - Houston Chronicle 
Am thinking of doing a movie "sequel" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change 
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
Even if the answer is only on the order of 1%, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round 
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Exactly
In reality, 97% of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change 
Climate change deniers claim "scientists disagree", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades
Good article on "Climate Change" vs "Global Warming" referred by 
There's an Iron Man edition of Mr. Potato Head named "Tony Starch."
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Wrong! Science helps confirm #climatechange by, once again, pointing to #sealevelrise: 
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting :)
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
Technically, I "got rich" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put 100% of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity.
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one 747 flight. No, we should not be exempt.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money :)
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first 7 years, got IPO+ govt money for 3, now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (@CarbonFreeGirl), who lives in NC 
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Making rockets
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong 
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those 2 points, you were totally 1st 
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details 
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt 
Physics
I'm a big fan of ultracapacitors. Was going to do my PhD at Stanford on them. But we need a breakthrough in energy density...
[WATCH] SpaceX’s 5.2m satellite fairing is tested in the world’s largest vacuum chamber 
High pressure helium pneumatic bolts and pistons. No explosives.
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Well, you see, by making it go to 11, that makes it louder than loud :)
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
we do
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
RT Sendup of Dan Brown disguised as praise of Dan Brown--written in the style of Dan Brown--is genius: 
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
It can dig up almost anything.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty &amp; doubt story 
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote &amp; others and streams over 3G (will be LTE later)
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
Would also recommend the Cheese Shop, Spam or Fish License by Monty Python.
Hold down voice button &amp; say "Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic". Model S can play almost any song via Internet.
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part 5 of the trilogy.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Consumer Reports: The Tesla Model S earns our top test score. Road test and video: 
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Stay tuned
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Thanks Bill!
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
exactly
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla 
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Norway rocks!
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration :)
you're welcome :)
North Carolina General Assembly could prevent Tesla from selling cars. Take action:  #TeslaNC
we need a compelling video that convinces TX lawmakers to pass the direct sales law just approved by their committee.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry 
Side boosters fall short &amp; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky :)
We can't formally provide a guarantee w/o restating accounting, but I feel confident about the value anyway.
Yeah, that is super tricky. Will have to sacrifice a lot of payload to boost back or land on ocean platform.
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about 120 degrees to deploy
More likely that pigs will fly over the frozen wastes of Hell. Clarkson doesn't understand technology.
We did a ton of testing until they could handle 4X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
High pressure helium. Needs to be ultra light. All 4 legs together (~60 ft span) weigh less than Model S.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame. 
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part 4 yet.
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
We're aiming for late 2015, but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Cool :)
Just read it. Good piece.
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Interesting piece
The Long and Arduous Quest to Find Flowing Water on Mars May Be Over (preview) 
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas 
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon 9-R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire 
Creating the World’s Best Service and Warranty Program 
Am for good public transit in LA, but the pace of that construction makes the 405 look fast.
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Cool. Just read and watched!
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
we have great neighbors!
Try this: 
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy  via
evolving
yes
Good idea!
Grasshopper rocket flies up 250m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter 
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Now with actual picture :) 
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Congratulations to “@CNETNews: Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight 
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers:  Please vote here too!
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll! 
Interesting... "Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy  via
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
New York judge states: "... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors". Exactly!
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers? 
Yup, you're right
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at 1:30! 
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
When a person dies, the right thing to do is remember the good more than the bad. Not a day for hate (if there is ever such).
At the risk of losing more "cool points", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides...
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible &amp; fair, much like my English Nana 
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color! 
Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded.  Btw, Model S warranty does cover "bricking".
Exactly
Great explanation of the announcement by 
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
We are working hard to make that happen!
Introducing the world's best financing for the world's best car: 
Should be late 2014 for US and early 2015 for Europe.
Startup Buys 100 Teslas, Aims to Replace Your Car via 
July!
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB 1659 8am tomorrow #TeslaTX
Texas auto dealers want to stop Tesla from selling, delivering, &amp; servicing cars. Senate hearing for SB 1659 is 8 ...
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the #hhgttg Infinite Improbability Drive :)
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the 2nd in a 5 part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
EXCLUSIVE: to race in electric sedan will take on the good ol' boys in 2015:  ...
You never know ...
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thanks Jeremy! Good seeing you in LA. Awesome job with Yelp!
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers &amp; hard work by a super dedicated team 
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
Thanks Bob “@BobMetcalfe: Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - 
Sorry, correct link is: 
If you support Tesla in Texas, please contact your state Senate or House member. Free enterprise! 
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right 
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale 
Can't make this stuff up: “@ErneX: hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher 
I'm going to register 
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Chick Magnet. 
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy... 
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW 3 vs Model S being S7 or M5
yep
sure :)
.@jbmeicher Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
.@benmacy $30k in 2013 $ (ie + inflation) w 200+ mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
.@joshj777 It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are 3 to 4 years away. Wish it could be sooner.
was this in a test drive car (those are all about to be upgraded) or a current customer car?
Review of Tesla Model S by Good article w minor errors addressed in reader comments 
When Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter in 94, it made an Earth size hole. We wd be super dead if it actually hit Earth 
Probably true imo “@bbcscitech: Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet' 
My talk at TED with
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber 
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with 
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit! 
Using Über to order a Tesla Model S with and 
The Johnny Cash hover slam! 
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about 15 mins. Test footage only 36 hrs old. #SXSW
Nice. Tesla to pay off govt loans five years early. 
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
nice pic!
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need 2 locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then #SXSW keynote tmrw
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn. 
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
The Dragon capsule was berthed to the Harmony module of the International Space Station at 8:56 a.m. EST.  ...
#Dragon attachment to #ISS is confirmed at 5:56AM PT! 
Updated #Dragon #ISS rendezvous times: NASA TV coverage begins Sunday at 3:30amET:  Grapple at ...
Just received #Dragon docking clearance from Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at 11pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods 1 and 4 now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods 2 and 4
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod 3 tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon 9 delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
you should let everyone know they can watch the launch live at: 
T minus 22 mins to launch mission 3 to dock with the Space Station 
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at 10:10 am Cape Canaveral time
About to head home in our 2013 Model S. I won't plug in at home for the return trip. I'll take side trips ...
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did 
This is one very, very happy owner! My 2013 Tesla Model S Electric Sport Sedan: Delivery at Last!  ...
Rocket static fire Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated 433 tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Best is winning competitions like Formula SAE, design/build/fly or other evidence of exceptional eng ability
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that 1st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese :)
Want to join us and cover the next launch on March 1? Now you can apply for a #NASASocial Media Credential  ...
.@NYTjamescobb As your own public editor pointed out, was far from a "consummate pro," and you fa ...
Thanks “@Lebeaucarnews: The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.”
Appreciate thoughtful article. Faith in restored.
Interesting: public editor sides (mostly) with #Tesla. RT My thoughts on thorny problem:  ...
#TeslaRoadTrip All - thanks so much for following our twitter feed. The trip was a success and everyone has diverted ...

Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why 
Elon - 6 of us East Coasters are recreating the NY Times trip this weekend....
Have driven mine on 4 sub 30 deg 200 mile drives, once on the same day. Love it ! Proof is in the car !
Genius move “@cdabel114: Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car”
model S is the best car I have ever owned!
We made it!! 1am, but here! S made it with + 96 miles to spare!  ...
126 miles to our hotel in Boston. Game over. With 
CNN retests the route! RT Not that hard. At Milford SuperCharger. Been leadfootin' last 20 miles ht ...
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of Model S w &amp;
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow 
Just drove 800 miles with my Model S between NJ, NYC and Boston in 48 hours with absolutly no problems using ...
My niece has one and has reported nothing like what appeared in the NYTimes.
Wondered about NYTimes article. My S &amp; I have done 400+ mile 1day drives at full speed &amp; w heat/AC w ...
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed 50 miles range left.
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes "range test". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive.
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Busted “@TheOnion: Barack Obama: 'Look, I'm Just Going To Say It: I Collect Antique Nazi Memorabilia' 
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Our Great^n Grandfather 
My latest project on the Tesla Model S and network of solar-powered Superchargers. 
No, they are not “@AutoblogGreen: Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so 
Wow, 180,000 American killed by other Americans since 9/11 vs only 33 by muslim terrorists
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the #SB47
I love indoor flamethrowers 
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing 
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w 787 chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the 787 lithium ion batteries.
What it feels like to ride a rocket 
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments) 
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way! 
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life 
Death Valley restored to position of world's hottest place 
CA's Death Valley is #1 again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Tesla’s solar powered super chargers hit the east coast 
Interesting premise. I will read it.
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo 
Single camera view of the 40 meter rocket hover 
Then we took him for a ride: 40 meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket 
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a 6 ft cowboy to the rocket 
Very much agree with this great review of Chasing Ice on Ars Technica 
Thanks! “@ev: Have driven a Tesla Model S 50 miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of cars—by far the best car ever made."
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station 
Good piece on volcanoes “@DanRetz: The USGS would seem to disagree. 
Roughly equivalent to a 747 flight from LA to London (one way).
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
Exactly MT "@DanRetz IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea.”
It is hard to argue with a thermometer. Global warming is real and accelerating. Wish it wasn't. 
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google #Zeitgeist2012 
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3 
My big worry would be long (hopefully) term when I'm dead, eg v sad situation with once great HP
SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "@bm_ will SpaceX go public?"
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
Tesla articles 30 mins apart: "This Stock is Screaming Buy"  and "This Stock Could Get DESTROYED" 
YES! “@RYOTnews: BREAKING: to launch anti-cholera initiative aimed at #Haiti  #cholera ...
Tesla was just approved for a full Class 1 Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of 4 to 1. Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age 8 and 6) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over 400 miles on a single charge!
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
New government study says we could save billions by replacing dollar bills with coins. New study is wrong: 
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan #AwesomeXmasGifts 
Thanks Shervin!
Mexico is changing in ways that will profoundly affect America 
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now 
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Millions of people needed for Mars colony, so 80k+ would just be the number moving to Mars per year 
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station 
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical. 
Liam Neeson's "Life's Too Short" sketch is super funny 
if anyone has issues accessing the video, I've mirrored it on YouTube here: 
On the plus side...“@newscientist: #Climate change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes 
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ 
Exactly!
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert. 
HELLO…. “@wired: BREAKING: Is it possible that NASA's Curiosity rover found organic molecules on Mars?  ...
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from 1st place with Larry P in charge. 
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails! 
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline &amp; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane 6 vs 5:  and 
Was misquoted by BBC as saying "Europe's rocket has no chance". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane 5 has no chance, so go with Ariane 6.
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
My Model S just arrived and I went electric like Dylan! #FF
Original article on Model S from 
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S 
prepares for Late Night With Jimmy Falon. By holding an astronaut monkey. 
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys! 
Shock Therapy: Is America Ready for an Electric Car of the Year?: “I’ve seen your ‘Car of the Year’ announcement... http ...
Alexander Hamilton was awesome 
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size. 
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form! 
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
First flight of 10 story tall Grasshopper rocket using closed loop thrust vector &amp; throttle control 
And the #AMAoY winner is...the #ModelS.  
Tesla Model S: The 2013 Yahoo! Autos Car of the Year 
Early this morning, engineers welcomed #Dragon into the Port of LA 
Reply to Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at 92 mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
V proud of Tesla team for completing 1000th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year 
Reply to Yes, Model S seats 5 adults + 2 kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely 
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all 5 kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores 
Tesla Supercharger network opens today. Charge for free in Model S on your next road trip btwn SF and LA, Tahoe &amp; V ...
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas 
Astronauts take their first look inside #Dragon. Now where’s that ice cream? 
At 9:03A ET, #Dragon was secured to the space station, its home for the next 2.5 weeks. 
We drag-raced the #ModelS and #M5 last week. This is what happened: 
Falcon 9 rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Time lapse video of rocket roll out  Now 3 hours 45 mins to lift off...
An update about Tesla
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Launching our Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at 8:35pm EST! 
Review of the Model S by 
View from landing leg camera on Falcon rocket test rig (aka Grasshopper Project) 
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin 1D-Vac, at 80 tons of thrust. 
The Tesla Supercharger will over time allow you to travel anywhere on pure sunlight for free 
Model S review by Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon. 
What a great car! Coast to coast was a piece of cake in the Model S! Thanks for making such a great car. #x ...
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket! 
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey
Tesla made 100 vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N 396: 
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept 24. It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Amazing series of space pics assembled by  
First Drive: 2012 Tesla Model S [w/video] 
Tesla Model S driven 285 miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by 
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read 
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at 25 g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging 
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at 3.9 sec 0-60 mph and tied for 1st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good! 
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man. 
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
Success! Congrats on
Are we all Martians? 
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Deeply appreciate faith in We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
SpaceX Selected by to Return Americans to Space! 
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
1st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by Predict 1st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; 15 years.
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
Don't know about "dark manipulators", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy 
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Good assessment of the Dark Knight Rises in the Atlantic. Dickens, not Rand. 
I love this Chris Rock funny 1 minute segment on the ridiculousness of political parties. 
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Model S on the cover of the September Issue!  
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Climate change skeptic Richard Muller comes around on climate change: "Humans are almost entirely the cause."  ...
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show! 
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket. 
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
Now it's just a song that you used to know 
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short &amp; finite.
'Heat Dome' Linked To Greenland's Biggest Melt In 30 Years 
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have 1 atmosphere: 
30 years ago, when 98% of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still "scientists disagree"
Prayers and thoughts for the people of Aurora this sad weekend.
Radical journalist and commentator Alexander Cockburn has died at 71. Read seven stories in his Byliner archive:  ...
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by
Heard an interesting comment at the debate: "If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor :)
Relive the most exciting moments from Dragon’s historic mission
"Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love" are the top 5 most popular passwords after "password". 
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The 2 exceptions are childhood and when we are in love." - RG
Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually "Mr." Evil. 
I think we will see people on Mars in less than 20 years. 12 to 15 years most likely. #OccupyMars
Going at full speed! MT “@iansomerhalder: Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid :) Here is what we saw: 
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After 2008 meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: prod &amp; me) at WME July 12. hosting
Thanks Dan, you are a good sportsman. I will still donate to DWB as though I'd lost. 
"This Is Our Planet" time-lapse video 
"The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut" 
She was a great woman “@VanityFair: In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, 1941-2012 
When it comes to loving someone, you either never did or always will.
Meant to post this link for Merlin: 
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams 
Model S review by Motor Trend 
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon 
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read 50 Shades :) 
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP.
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Charlie Bolden, NASA Administrator, checks out Dragon at our central Texas test site 
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas 
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield 
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes #Dragon
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision #Dragon
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins #Dragon
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector #Dragon 
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ... 
Dragon flies over the SpaceX #GrasshopperProject at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon. 
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting today. Looking forward to meeting.
Incredible video from shows #Dragon as it closes in on the International Space Station. 
The #Dragon capsule passed directly below the #ISS at a distance of 2.5km, fulfilling all demonstration objectives for ...
#Dragon spacecraft is now visible from the space station as a small dot. 
About 110 miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station #Dragon
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer :)
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for 12:47 am California time. All systems green. #dragonlaunch
Launch video of Falcon 9 from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras  #dragonlaunch
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes! #DragonLaunch
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000 :) #DragonLaunch
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back :)
T minus 60 seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated. #DragonLaunch
T minus 10 minutes ... Entering terminal count #dragonlaunch
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for 5* (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here: 
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine 5. Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon. 
Meant to say: prizes for first 10 who do 400 miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers :)
Model S exceeds 300 mile range target! Prize for the 1st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles) 
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with Looks good so far. Target launch date is May 19, right after Soyuz docks.
For humanity to have an exciting &amp; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever. #APSpaceChat
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary. #OccupyMars #APSpaceChat
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel &amp; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM #APSpaceChat
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown 
Watch Live Today! Rocket engine test webcast starts at 11:30 AM PT/2:30 PM ET! Engines fire 12:00 PM/3:00 PM. Watch at  ...
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with that May 7th is go for launch of Falcon 9 &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Pekingese Really Letting Self Go Since Winning Westminster #OnionReview 
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of Great work by and
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent. 
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
Just signed Giving Pledge with 11 others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same. 
Sal Khan of makes the #TIME100 list. Watch the #60Minutes piece on the innovative educator here:  ...
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers 
Great work by APJ “@brynmooser: The foundation is nearly complete at the school 
My love & partied with the space cheese on our tour of & ...which was AWESO… h ...
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars 
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed 200,000 km while racing his Roadster! 
Judge dismisses lawsuit to take the happy out of "Happy Meal" 
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok. 
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT "@brynmooser: Front page NYTimes.
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker. 
Happy bday to my old and dear friend U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ... 
The Model S beta endurance car just passed 150,000 miles on a single battery pack!
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses 
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!  #antarctica
"Tesla represents the most extreme test in modern history of the limits and capabilities of the Silicon Valley model." ...
In case you missed it, here is the full video of SpaceX on last night. What did you think of the story?  ...
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary 
10 years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won. 
Why I'm leaving the Empire, by Darth Vader 
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there? 
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla 
lol my friends car “@ryan: See also: 
Dawn at Cape Canaveral 
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
A really clear and concise article debunking climate science sceptics. Please read & RT. 
Falcon 9 and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by 300 ft tall lightning towers 
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Dragon spaceship and Falcon 9 rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral 
Supporting the drive to get a #PlutoStamp for the New Horizons mission
Math class at the school 
launched a rocket into the northern lights 
Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called "Frodo". Watch out for Gollum! My precious... 
Important point highlighted by an electric car in California produces only 1/4 CO2 of gasoline 
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car. 
“Like a serpent among roses, like an asp / Among withered thornapples I coil to / And at you.” 
At the Samovar having tea called "monkey picked iron goddess of mercy". Those monkeys sure know their tea. 
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is 3rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel! 
Tesla Model X video 
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight... 
Photo Update: Dragon complete with trunk at the SpaceX hangar, preparations continue for the historic mission ahead.  ...
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up! 
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria. 
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle 
Just posted a photo 
Yeah, we will stream the whole mission realtime with no buffer. You see what we see.
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this: 
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open 
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com 
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh 
The lady doth protest too little. 
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on  at 8pm on Feb 9th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite 
Rough cut simulation of the SpaceX next gen rocket & spaceship design 
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in 7 years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow: 
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
Inside the SpaceX Rocket Factory. Take a look with 
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers 
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase "break a leg" doesn't mean what he thinks it does
Once more, with feeling! "North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners" 
A Tesla Roadster just passed the 100,000 mile mark for the first time and still has over 200 miles of range.
What is more magical than cowboys herding cats? Livin' the dream... 
Kids these days are so grown up! RT "Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus" 
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. 4.4 sec 0-60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt :) 
Model S Signature series sold out as of today 
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the 9th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in 2012. He's a stud.
What everyone really thinks ... RT “@jonlovett: If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.”
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year... 
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony. 
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Yeah, 2012 will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
My first prediction of 2012 has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Here's a happy thought for 2012: world violence is at an all time historical low. Excellent piece by Stephen Pinker 
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night #whatcouldpossiblygowrong
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
China unveils ambitious space strategy 
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing "Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ...
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment :)
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions 
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
Liked "Screw Business as Usual" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move.
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
Any Idiot Could Have Come Up With The Car  #OnionInnovation
So true :)
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever) 
Vending Machine Attendant Admits B3 Selection Has Changed A Lot Over The Years  #OnionInnovation
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others 
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much. 
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
The Russians are having some challenges with their rockets. Too many of the engineers that designed them have retired: 
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today. 
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July. 
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound... 
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at 
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter: 
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest.
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: 
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role: 
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens:  May the good man RIP.
Read "Lying", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
I made the volume on the Model S  go to 11. Now I just need to work in a miniature Stonehenge...
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice! No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun :) 
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me :) This is actually me.
