Congrats! Enjoy your zero emissions ride with Model S :)
That's a great start!
Thank you for being a part of this! What's your favorite road trip so far?
40K of the safest, quietest &amp; fastest accelerating miles for my family. No wonder the Model S barely depreciates.
Fantastic! Thank you for being part of this.
Congrats! Your electric miles will be part of the next billion. Keep us posted!
Start your count by doing a test drive in Model S: 
You can start your count by doing a test drive in Model S: 
Yes on to the next billion! Thank you for being part of this.
Model S owners, how many electric miles did you add to 1 billion Tesla miles? Every mile counts! 
Thanks for reaching out. We are continuously updating our software to improve it. Stay tuned.
Love the pic! Happy birthday &amp; enjoy your new ride!
Nice work. Thanks a billion!
Want to know how far 1 billion miles really is? Imagine going to the moon 4,186x. 
Enjoy the ride, but there won't be much vroom vroom thanks to the instant and silent acceleration ;)
Every electric mile counts! Thanks for being part of this.
Exciting! We look forward to welcome you into the family.
How Tesla owners are driving change: 1 billion electric miles = 570,000 tons of CO2 saved.  
Nice work! Thank you for being part of this.
Thank you for being part of this!
Thank you! Our owners are the best.
Every mile counts! Thank you for being part of this.
Nice work! Thank you.
Every electric mile counts! Thank you. RT Only 4,000 of them are mine but they're the best 4,000 miles I've ever driven!
Nice work!
Thx for being part of 1 billion Tesla miles RT just rolled over 20000 miles in 6 months 
Thank you for being part of this!
This is huge: Tesla drivers passed 1 billion electric miles.  
With a strong warranty &amp; over-the-air updates, Model S has the best resale value of any car.  
Views from a Model S: Bells Beach Australia. #Tesla 
Looking good!
On 29th June I pick up my Tesla Model S 85. For them as don't know, it's like, a car, but cooler. 
Their first #FathersDay: Model S &amp; Model S cars. 
Two heroes! surprises 16-year-old electric car supporter with ride in Model S.  
Pretty insane, right? Enjoy the ride!
Nice shot! Where is she taking you today?
Veel plezier!
Enjoy! Send us some pics along the way.
Gefeliciteerd! Op naar de volgende 100.000 km :) Staat er al een nieuwe road trip op de planning?
Our 1:64 Tesla Model S is joined by the real thing! #OrangeIsTheNewTrack #HotWheelsTesla 
Today we’re launching something for the little ones (and our biggest fans). Keep an eye on
A glimpse into the future when gas stations are a thing of the past. 
Tnx for the mention! Model S drivers love cross-country trips, thanks to Tesla's charging network. 
EV owners rock! 
Views from a Model S: Golden Gate Bridge #SanFrancisco 
1.200 km. €0 spent on gas. Watch Model S drivers cross Germany using #Superchargers only. 
Watch Model S P85D race against one of Greenwich Polo Club’s fastest ponies. #horsepower 
Look who stopped by our Bridgeport Village pop-up. Free scoops by until 3pm, get over here! #PDX 
Model S owners wake up fully charged. No detours, thanks to home charging. #Tesla 
10 things you may not know about Model S P85D - by  
If there’s electricity you can charge. 4 skiers drove a Tesla into the unknown...  
Taking a road trip with my son and we are loving the fact that we aren't using a drop of gasoline. 
Model S in charging-mode? Put yourself in relax-mode. The Tesla app will tell you when it’s ready to go. 
Looking good! Congrats!
How Tesla will change your life. got to the bottom of it:  
Absolutely. Everyone is welcome in our stores. Have a seat in the car and our team will tell you all about it.
Smart charging. Every morning it's ready to go. #Tesla 
Maarten completely planned his #Tesla road trip with Trip Planner, while he enjoyed the ride:  
2 things to know about charging with Model S: anytime &amp; anywhere. Check out your options: 
The Charging Challenge: these 4 drove Model S through the North Atlantic. Did they make it?  
Thanks for sharing the new #SaveOurSwirled flavor with the Tesla Factory today. 
Tesla’s Supercharger Network = Super International. April's Top 10 most used stations include CN, HK, NL, NO &amp; US. 
In Aosta: 
In Aosta: 
"Double your engines, double your fun.” P85D made giggle.  
Hi Nils, can you follow us, so we can send you a DM? Thanks.
Congrats! Thank you for joining the rEVolution.
Great shot! Happy to hear you enjoyed the ride.
It's always fun to be oil free. Meet the man behind one of the funniest number plates: Fredrik from Sweden. 
The grand opening is today. You can find us downtown Santa Barbara, across from The Canary Hotel.
Just around the corner... RT the dream 
Yep RT Wow we just got past by a Model S in the middle no where. Guess they really can go the distance 
Model S at peace. #Supercharger Pic: John Klark. 
Enjoy! Don't forget to show us the video, in case the Go Pro makes it ;)
Shocking: "Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute", says  
"P85D truly feels like a paradigm shift in motoring."  
Views from a Model S: clean air. #Norway Photo by Reidar Retzius. 
Coming this year! 
Yes coming up this year! You can find our planned expansion here:  
Events in Scotland are coming up. Stay tuned!
Events in Scotland are coming up. Stay tuned!
Great! There are over 35 Supercharger Stations in Germany now and more coming.
Exciting! Send us a pic when it arrives. #BritishModelS
Fits right in. Thank you!
#insane One man's misson to make his #Tesla go faster. Meet the speed demon:  via 
Congrats! And thank you for doing the rEVolution.
Model S tells it like it is. 
Enjoy your ride and let us know what you think about #BritishModelS #P85D.
"With Tesla Entering Market, Hopes for Home Batteries Grow.” Deep dive into #Powerwall by  #TeslaEnergy
.@CARandDRIVER names Model S 70D "Car of the 21st Century: new ultimate in 4-door sedan engineering &amp; technology". 
We couldn't agree more. #BritishModelS
Yes our customers get really creative with these. Shoot a pic and share it with us next time!
Great to hear! What did you like most about the car?
Thank you for joining us!
Views from a Model S: Pic by #Tesla #Australia 
More and more offices are also installing free EV charging, so you could also top off during the workday, if your work offers it.
Depending how far you commute in a day, you can easily top off at one of the public stations: 
270 miles of range + an extensive public charging network in the Bay Area makes owning Model S w/out home charging possible.
Another Road Trip...This time Salt Lake City. Effortless SuperCharging, and quality time with my son.. 
Enjoy! What does your son think about the car?
Brian drives #ModelS primarily because of environmental aspects. See why:  - via 
First US &amp; EU deliveries will start this summer. Register here  &amp; we will follow up when we have more info.
Powerwall: - Stores solar energy for use when the sun isn’t shining. - Powers your home when rates are high. 
Nice shot! Hope you had a good drive?
After driving #Tesla Model S we felt a need to share our view on #ElectricVehicles revolution. 
Lots of good energy during the introduction of #TeslaEnergy. Missed it? Watch the video: 
It's official: we're partnering w/ on #energy #storage solutions for businesses: 
Harness the energy with Powerwall, Tesla’s Home Battery. #TeslaEnergy  
"This entire night has been powered by batteries. This entire night, everything you are experiencing, is stored sunlight." - Elon Musk
Introducing #TeslaEnergy, a suite of batteries for homes, businesses, and utilities. 
And we’re live:  #TeslaLive
Counting down to the big announcement. We feel a lot of good energy in the room! Tune in: 
Your guesses will be answered, right here:  Stay tuned, the stream goes live around 8:45PM. #TeslaLive
2,000 million metric tons of CO2, is produced by electric power sector. That’s like burning 225 billion gallons of gas. Time for change.
Fact: Of all the fossil fuel consumed in the US, ⅓ is used in transportation and ⅓ goes to electricity production.
Join us today when we announce a new Tesla product line. Tune in live at 8pm PT:  #TeslaLive 
Did you know... the world consumes 20 trillion kWh of energy annually. This is enough to power a single home for 1.8 billion years.
Design your Model S here and find out: 
A Model S line up. Take your pick:  
Over 1.200 km, €0 spend on gas and lots of fun along the way. #SuperchargerRally #Germany 
A new Model S coast-to-coast record of 58 hours, 55 min. Who’s next?  
And… what is she like?! RT Here she is! :) 
Spotted: NERD on the German Autobahn. What would you put on your Model S? 
Thank you for coming!
Tesla fans gather for close up of Model S at the Shanghai Auto Show 2015. #Tesla #China 
931M #ZeroEmission miles driven thanks to Tesla drivers. ( = 37.5K trips around the world!) #EarthDay 
Tesla drivers, together you saved over 42.4M gallons of gasoline worldwide. #ThankYou #EarthDay 
Congrats! RT On #EarthDay 2011 you delivered my Tesla Roadster, 4 years of smiles later and never a drop of gas!
Congrats! Enjoy your #ZeroEmissions ride.
Got the P85D just in time for #EarthDay :) should offset my carbon karma a little! 
Cool! RT Awesome aerial pic from Reach the Beach! 56 (3 Roadsters 53 Model S) 
Brand new Store &amp; Service Center in Shanghai Hongqiao. #Tesla #China 
1yr ago today I bought my Best car decision EVER! 
Hi Rune, can you DM us your email address? Thank you.
Meet Wolverine, Professor X, Iceman, Beast from the Tesla Factory:  
has the most customer centric service &amp; support that I have ever experienced by any co for any prod. TU 4 …
Everything for our owners and a #ZeroEmissions future. Thank you for being part of this.
Putting gas stations behind us. Moving forward to a zero emissions future. 
Zitten, voelen, spelen met het 17-inch touch screen. Het mag allemaal.
Veel plezier! We zien je graag op onze stand, daar ligt nog een kleine verrassing voor je klaar.
Hi, can you DM us your email and phone number then we will contact you soon to plan a test drive in your dream car.
"More range &amp; extra standard features. 70D's price tag is actually a bargain.”  
2015 Tesla Model S P85D Sedan is one of the best cars in the world. Period.  
Clean energy revolution is ahead of schedule.  via 
Just click on "Paint", so you can see them all and pick your favorite.
Yes we are. You can design your Model S in our Design Studio: 
Warm silver, obsidian black, ocean blue. See the new Model S colors:  
Meet Model S 70D. Exceptional performance &amp; value with AWD, 240 miles range + Supercharging.  
from Norway, can tell you all about winter driving with Model S. Check out his video: 
any Tesla owners in cold climates like Edmonton Canada? 6 month winters. Lots of snow etc.
I chose Model S for instant torque, sexy lines, low center of gravity, + suspension pkg = EV masterpiece and my…
Thanks for joining the rEVolution. "Tesla Model S owners love their cars the most of any owners." 
Announcing the Model W.  
No more parking tickets for Model S owners. Today we’re introducing: ticket-avoidance-mode. Here’s how it works: 
Look at them go. driving climate change. #ActOnClimate 
Front trunk.
Watch 25 Model S drivers rally all over France: 0 emissions, 0 costs. #SuperchargerRally #France 
I just finished my last commute EVER in a fossil fuel dinosaur car. Next week, I'll be commuting in a Model S …
This is the closest a Tesla will ever get to a "Shell"! – By caption contest winner Mike Jowett. 
Love this kind of ICE (cream) car. Good luck! #ActOnClimate
Everything you want to know about Model S OTA update 6.2:  
How to get the Software 6.2 update? No worries, just like this Tweet we’ll send it over the air soon. It will pop up on your Model S screen.
Software Update 6.2 enhances the cars active safety features, bringing Model S closer to autonomous capabilities. 
Sneak peek at Trip Planner: automatically selecting a Supercharger route to minimize driving &amp; charging time. 
Biggest takeaway from announcement is the reminder that cars can be made to improve over time, like other electron…
Plus we are building a dense charging network 
New Software Update: Trip Planner &amp; Range Assurance expand Model S intelligence to give drivers peace of mind and eliminate range anxiety.
A huge victory in New Jersey for consumer choice: We are open for business!
Battery pack swap is active between SF and LA and seems to be working well. Supercharging is the future, though, for non-comm…
Driving in the rain just got more fun. All-wheel drive Model S P85D takes on all weather conditions on its tour in EU 
“More Performance, more all-weather ability thanks to 4WD. Yep, it’s insane.”  
I spy a Model S P85D #GIMS #GVAMotorshow 
Bucko from finds a novel use for P85D's “insane mode” (blindsiding his crew):  
Model S in drag race against snowmobile on ice lake in Norway (no tire chains or studs) 
Did we mention our new Drivers Lounge in Amsterdam? Open 24/7 for Model S owners, in case you need a coffee at 3 am. 
Check out the 29 service bays and 8 Superchargers at the new Amsterdam Service Center. 
Model S owners celebrate their new Service Center in Amsterdam, one of the largest in Europe. 
Any doubts that electric cars are the future are blown away within minutes of driving a Model S 
Tesla Supercharger sunset in Modena, Italy. What’s your favorite #SuperchargerPic? 
Some shots of the Gigafactory pilot plant (~20% of full size) under construction 
thanks for supporting sustainable transport!
"Pearl Amethyst Model S" Pencil drawing 2014. 
Model S owners kick off the with the all-wheel drive Dual Motor Model S. #GIMS 
We’ve officially launched All-Wheel Drive Dual Motor Model S in Europe. Model S 85D &amp; P85D deliveries have started. 
Model S owner Bastian drove from Germany to St Anton, Austria, for his winter holiday. 
2,000 Superchargers. Close to 400 Supercharger stations.
average MPG of a premium sedan
Now more than 2,000 Superchargers worldwide. 3.9M gallons of gas saved.  
5-star review of Model S P85D by "impossible not to be amazed”  
looking good guys! Enjoy Model S.
Well spotted RT Tesla just made the best Easter Egg ever.  
Model S in the Ronald Reagan Building in Washington DC. (Thanks to Sarosh Hussain for the pic.) 
Model S has been named “best overall” in Top Picks 2015. 2 years in a row:  
Great pics of Model S in Europe on 5-day, 1,500-mile drive:  
Model S takes on the winter conditions in Trysil, Norway, during a test-drive event. 
Hi Martin, je kunt een testrit inplannen via onze website: 
Leuk dat jullie er ook bij zijn. Wij nemen Model S P85D mee. Tot dan! 
Model S P85D in the snow is worth getting cold for.  
"Riding thru a puddled chicane &amp; some slick turns at a decent clip, the P85D remained balanced &amp; composed” 
"@K8L: Tesla mapping Panasonic #ISE2015  Yes! So cool #teslamapping
Supercharger Rally across France with Model S owners to celebrate our rapidly expanding Tesla Supercharger network. 
Video: Tesla's Insane Mode can pin your phone to the seat with G's  
. weighs in on the all-wheel drive Model S P85D: "The New Tesla Model S P85D Is Ferrari Fast": 
“Unlike anything I've ever driven and the performance is like nothing else I've ever felt”. reviews P85D: 
We’ve begun a 10-city tour of North America to demonstrate the capabilities of All-Wheel Drive Dual Motor Model S: 
Clarification: First in Europe with a solar canopy
Largest Supercharger Station in EU now open in Køge, Denmark. 12 Superchargers and the first with a solar canopy. 
Home sweet home! 5415km and 1197kWh to Northern Norway from the Netherlands using just SuperChargers!
The #Model S #P85D handled my commute during Detroit's worst storm in 40 years with ease! This car continues …
Thank you for your support and enjoy!
+ 1 RT #Tesla ;) // || \\ ______ q_/_________\_p / \_\ '__,,__' /_/ \ \▂ (▒▒T▒▒) ▂/ ｀'''''' ''''''
If you are curious about the P85D, you can schedule a test drive here: 
P85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
Video made by owner of a P85D going up a 14% grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck SUVs 
Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed wa…
Tesla P85D 0 to 60mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm
A survey has rated Tesla number one for service and repairs: 
Check out the iPhone 1g. (As seen in a Model S P85D.) h/t 
We are at the arctic circle! Drove all the way using just SuperChargers! 2900km done, 500km to go! 
Thanks for supporting electric cars in Kansas City, MO! Great move to install 1k charging stations this yr #KCPLCleanCharge
Model S P85D reviewed in UK’s Car magazine: "The electric car that feels faster than a Veyron”  
Wishing one of these was being delivered to my driveway! 
New fan-made video shows what acceleration in all-wheel drive Model S P85D feels like: 
Fan-made video shows reactions to Model S P85D acceleration (0-60 mph in 3.2 secs. Warning: Some NSFW language) 
“Driving a Model S for 10k mi has made me more confident in Tesla's future”. on Model S ownership: 
Hi Jon, would you mind following us so we can send you a DM? Thanks.
A study in contrast. Model S P85D vs Dodge Challenger Hellcat in a drag race: 
Thanks, George. We’re excited to be here.
Model S in the mountains of Sweden. 
Elon Musk &amp; Model X are at the Texas State Capitol in Austin today. Thanks to 100+ Tesla owners also in attendance. 
Model S P85D compares favorably on price and performance with others in its class: 
A surprise visit for Tesla's Michigan customers 
Check out the new Tesla lounge #NAIAS 
Dual Motor, Autopilot, Supercharger, Executive seats, and more #NAIAS2015 
Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. For…
Model S range curves in detail by version 
Roadster upgrade details: 
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost 400 mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Tesla fast battery swap details 
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla b…
Global Model S fleet has just passed 1 billion kilometers driven! More than 100 million liters of gasoline saved. 
The Telegraph calls Model S the most important car of the last 20 years:  
Model S P85D gets put to the test against a Ferrari 575: 
Video from the opening of our Montreal store last week. P85D in action: 
We’ll have Superchargers to link major east coast cities by 2016.
About 20 minutes for half a charge.
Indeed it is.
P85D, fastest 4-door production car ever, at Montreal store opening last Friday.  
Last night, we launched in Australia. Superchargers to link major east coast cities by 2016.  
Tesla Limo Service In Chicago Proves Popular 
Fighting for consumer choice in Texas: 
Model S on the streets of New York City. Sign up for a test drive:  
On the road in Japan. 
New Consumer Reports owners survey rates Model S the most loved car. 98% would buy again. 
Germany’s Auto Motor &amp; Sport calls Model S sound system “extraordinary". Beats Audi A7’s Bang &amp; Olufsen for 1/3 price 
Model S features on #HowItsMade at 10pm PST tonight on the 
. Model S road trip vid. "There’s very few cars on my lottery-winning list… I’m going to add this." 
Think we know this… RT This engine term is also the name of the nationwide free station for owners #Jeopardy! #Clues
Tonight, the Tesla Factory will feature on #Jeopardy 
Driving all 50 U.S. states in Model S:  
Welcome back to run the communications team!
Our website is 
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ... 
Time-lapse video showing upgrade work at Tesla Factory:  More details: 
Model S named one of 10 best cars for 2015:  
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
Back story on Tesla comic strip in our blog post about Fremont factory upgrade:  
Tesla comic book 
.@TeslaMotors's P85D feels as fast as a Bugatti Veyron  
Thank you for the feedback.
Thank you.
Hi Spencer, please feel free to DM us so we can get some more information. Thank you.
Check the random #Tesla #P85 pic I took in #Austria. 
Hong Kong street view from a right hand drive Model S. 
A heartfelt Veterans Day thank you to all who have served. #TeslaVets #VeteransDay 
Charging an electric car in 1905 
In October, Tesla Superchargers delivered 2 GWh of energy to Model S. All free. 
Enjoy the drive, Johan. Let us know what you think
It is in Setermoen.
This week, we opened the world’s northernmost Supercharger – in Norway. Now 237 Supercharging sites worldwide. 
Glad you enjoyed it, Michael. What was your favorite part of Model S?
Model S has received a 5-star safety rating from the European New Car Assessment Program:  
167.
Enjoy the drive!
Hi Howard, Appreciate the feedback. Have you contacted your nearest service center about it?
Hi Hanno, You can fit 5+2 in Model S. Have you seen Model X? 
Review of “insane” Model S P85D, by 
My son loves the Tesla Model X and his Tesla Model X costume. Can't wait to see the real thing! 
Have you tried our Facebook page?
Looks great, Lucas.
Our Supercharger is. The store and service center will be coming soon.
Love this. Great work, Kate!
Model S looks ahead in Hong Kong. 
Glad you enjoyed the ride!
Have you contacted a store or sales team? They would be happy to assist with any confusion. The P85D has the new seats.
Hi Michael, you can see all of our open positions at:  If you see a fit, please feel free to apply.
Hi Melissa, we’ll have our team contact you shortly. Thanks.
Hi there, please email Press (at) TeslaMotors (dot) com, and they can help. Thank you.
The energy produced wouldn’t offset the additional weight.
Not anymore. Followed.
Hi Tracy, stop by one of our locations and they can help you: 
They will be posted later. Check back around the 2nd or 3rd week of January.
Have you had a chance to sit in one yet?
Hi Med, you can see all open positions here: 
Yes it does.
Charging the Model S at a rate if 440miles of range per hour. God bless the Supercharger! 
Feel free to send us a DM and we can provide more info.
You can still order one on our website: 
Glad you like it.
One moving part in the motor.
Thank you for the feedback. We’ll look into this.
Superchargers have delivered 14.3M kWh of energy worldwide, saving 2M gallons of gas &amp; offsetting 50M lbs of CO2. 
Enjoy the drive!
Glad you enjoyed it, Gary! What was your favorite part?
You can order online already: 
Appreciate the support!
Keep in mind you can charge at home each night and wake up with a full charge. Use Superchargers for long distance travel.
Hi Steph, have you seen our Supercharger map? We have quite a few in PA: 
Long term Model S review by emphasizing benefits of a car that updates itself:  
Supporters in Michigan: Please urge Gov. Snyder (@onetoughnerd) to veto the anti-consumer bill that would bar Tesla 
Hi Dayna, Thank you for the feedback. Please feel free to DM us if you’d like to share more info.
Michigan law professor: "Gov. Snyder should veto anti-Tesla bill": 
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation 
Stay tuned for Model 3 in about three years.
Feel free to email Press (at) TeslaMotors (dot) com. Thanks.
There may be a plan soon for that. Stay tuned.
Thanks Gustad. We’re aware of this and looking into it.
Thanks for the support, Steven.
Here's in Model S P85D, fastest accelerating 4-door ever, &amp; experiencing Autopilot: 
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot 
Video from last night’s launch of Dual Motor Model S and Autopilot: 
We have Superchargers in NY. Have a look: 
Stay tuned for Model 3 in about three years.
Every new Model S is Autopilot enabled. 
60D &amp; 85D: all wheel traction, optimized for efficiency. P85D: the fastest accelerating production 4-door car ever. 
Meet Dual Motor Model S: 60D, 85D &amp; P85D. And introducing Autopilot.  
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
Quick clip of Model S being lifted into the Westfield shopping mall in Sydney. 
Hi Spencer, thank you for the feedback. Our team will be in touch with you shortly.
Hope you enjoyed the drive, Theresa.
A new Tesla store is now open in Berlin.  
Thank you for the support!
Good one!
Have you contacted one of our locations in LA? 
In September, we opened 25 Superchargers in 11 countries, from Italy to China. 
Glad you like it, Heather. Have you had a chance to sit in one yet?
Have you checked out our Careers page? We’re hiring: 
About time to unveil the D and something else 
Great one. Our owners certainly like to get clever with their plates.
Here you are, with link to driving directions: 
Great photo!
Would you mind sending us a DM so we can help? Thanks!
Thanks Dirk. We appreciate the feedback.
Have you contacted any of our locations in the UK? We recommend checking with them first to save. 
Chicago now has a zero emissions chauffeur fleet, featuring ModelS. These pics via 
Thanks for the support.
Great photo, Ryan.
#Cincinnati to #Denver and climbed #PikesPeak #tesla #cinver 
globally
Supercharger number 200 just opened in Oxnard, CA. 
Agree. Nice shot!
Hi Evan, what did you think of the car?
Coalition of institutions, govts, individuals promise to swap $50B in fossil fuel assets for renewables investments: 
An emergency elevator helps Model S get into a shopping mall in the Netherlands. 
Looking good! Congrats and enjoy, Ahmed.
Thanks for stopping by!
Hi Beau, please feel free to DM us with more info. We’d be happy to help. Thanks.
Nice. What was your favorite part about it?
Ha! Our owners can get pretty clever with their plates.
Enjoy the drive, Paul!
Glad you like it, Bryan.
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner ov…
Have you had a chance to sit in one yet?
Have you had the chance to sit in one yet?
Glad you like it, Manu.
Stay tuned for Model 3 in about three years.
Enjoy, Christy!
That is fantastic. Happy birthday.
New software update for Model S. Details on v6.0: 
Hope you enjoyed it, Valerio.
Neat photo. Enjoy the drive!
Have you checked out our Careers page? 
You can email Press (at) TeslaMotors (dot) com.
Thanks for the support! We’re currently focused on Model S and Model X. No racing plans right now.
Low-carbon economy will deliver faster economic growth, better lives, and a greener environment says report: 
The energy delivered wouldn’t offset the added weight.
We’re focused on Model S and Model X right now.
Superchargers have now delivered over 11.7 GWh of energy, saving 1.8M gallons of gasoline:  
Nevada Legislature tonight unanimously passed legislation that allows us to begin construction of Gigafactory.
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
We just launched Model S in Japan &amp; unveiled 2 Superchargers. Here’s our Supercharger expansion in Asia thru 2015 
That you for the support, Adam.
Enjoy the ride!
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan 
Indeed we did! Tweeted the story recently.
Gigafactory confirmed for Nevada. 
Nevada selected as official site for Tesla battery Gigafactory: 
Nice photos!
Stay tuned for our Model 3 in about three years.
Model S owner uses Tesla app to track stolen car chased down by police: 
We do.  Use the scroll beneath the map and you can see what’s coming soon.
Happy to hear it. We’re expanding in Canada, stay tuned.
Enjoy the drive. Let us know what you think.
Superchargers enable long distance travel between cities. If living in NJ or NYC, can charge at home each night.
What did you think of the car?
We have quite a few Superchargers in the area: 
Well feel free to visit us and see the Model S: 
No gas there. Those are Superchargers and replenish half a charge in as little as 20 min. (And they’re free!)
New feature on lets you see inside a Tesla showroom (&amp; Model S) in high resolution  
Congrats!
Nice! Let us know how it goes.
Glad you enjoyed the tour.
We have stores where you can sit in or test drive the car. Have a look: 
Yes, Ireland is coming:  Use the scroll beneath the map.
Enjoy the drive.
Whoa. Very cool!
We try to respond to everyone.
Hi there, please feel free to email Press (at) teslamotors (dot) com. They can assist.
If you email Press (at) teslamotors (dot) com, they can put you in touch with the right person.
We currently have one in Squamish, BC with more coming soon in the Toronto, Ottawa, &amp; Montreal areas.
The map is a representation of the corridors we plan to enable and the timing thereof. Exact locations and timing may vary.
Watch this space for Welsh Supercharger. Updated map coming soon.
Watch this space for Welsh Supercharger. Updated map coming soon.
Here is some info + driving directions: 
Try our Find Us page: 
AutoExpress just did a piece on driving in the UK as well: 
We don’t have any updates for reservations yet, but will let you know when we do.
We’ve got Superchargers in London and Birmingham, more coming soon. Keep in mind you can charge at home as well.
Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain &amp; Portugal by end of 20…
I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon.
For all who wonder about Tesla’s plans for a more affordable car, here’s ’Secret Master Plan’ from 2006: 
That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model 3.
The ultimate energy source 
Superchargers replenish half a charge in as little as 20 minutes.
already on that: 
“The Model S does 0-62mph in 4.2 seconds – that’s Porsche Panamera Turbo pace”  
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon. 
An early iteration of falcon wing doors (via 
A glimpse of Model S at the recent Monterey Car Week. 
Thanks for the support! Stay tuned for Model 3 in about three years.
Right now we’re focused on Model S and Model X.
An aerial shot of our factory in Fremont, back when it was a GM factory, before it became NUMMI (via 
Hi Stephanie, please email Press (at) teslamotors (dot) com. Thank you.
Enjoy and let us know what you think.
A close inspection at the opening of Tesla’s new store and service center in Antwerp, Belgium. 
Stay tuned for Model 3 in about three years.
Our apologies! We were misled by the headline and byline on the piece… ;)
F1's Mark Priestly drives Model S: "the acceleration is a seriously mind blowing experience":  
Have you seen Model X? 
We’re only taking reservations right now. Configuring will come later.
This is what Model S looks like in the mountains of western Austria. 
Glad you enjoyed it, Jon. Let us know if you have any questions.
We’ve also added some within cities where many people don’t have access to off street parking like London &amp; Beijing.
My greeting when I came home. For the record, my 10yo drinks freely from the Kool-Aid. #tesla 
Happy to hear! Did you get a chance to sit in it too?
If you drive less than 265 mi per day, you can just plug in at night and wake up with a full charge.
If you live in a big city, you can charge at home every night. It’s also more likely there are public charging stations around.
Superchargers are initially meant for long distance travel between cities, like Minny to Milwaukee. Can charge at home in Minny.
We do.
Supercharger meets chicken farm in Châlons-en-Champagne, France. 
We have two locations in Ohio: 
Try this one: 
Thanks for stopping by. Glad you liked it.
Superchargers are placed between cities to allow for long distance road trips. Can charge at home if living in Oslo.
Thank you for the support.
Nice photo!
Have you had a chance to sit in one yet?
optional extra, but the infinite mile warranty doesn’t apply to this particular model
"Generated more electricity off solar panels on my roof than I've used in the car." Why this Redditor ♥'s Model S: 
Investigators have discovered the secret of the Model S powertrain: 
25 mins ago, from space. A planet worth protecting.  
We salute the man who boldly went where no man had gone before. Happy birthday, Gene Roddenberry: 
It allows people to travel from Vancouver to Whistler.
We have one in Squamish, BC, and more coming soon around Toronto and Montreal.
Have you had a chance to drive one yet?
We just opened another in Birmingham last week.
If you use the scroll beneath the map, you’ll see we have plans for Nebraska coming soon.
Have you had a chance to sit in one yet?
We’re initially placing Superchargers between cities to allow for long distance trips. If in HOU, can charge at home at night
You can design yours on the website and see: 
And of course, charging Model S at a Supercharger is free. See our planned Supercharger network expansion: 
For every 100k mi in a premium sedan in US, you can expect to spend $17k on gas. Model S ‘fuel' would be $3.5k 
That’s the one. We’ll let our team know you’ve been trying to get in touch.
Monday-Friday, 10:00-18:00. On Saturday 10:00-14:00.
A direct message. If customer service has handled it, then that’s fine as well. If you’d like to feedback more, please feel free.
Nice photo! Glad you enjoyed the drive, Manuel.
Glad you enjoyed it, Carol. Let us know if you have any questions.
You can see the upcoming Superchargers here. Use the scroll to see what’s coming soon, NE included: 
Earth's ultimate recoverable resource of oil equals what the Sun supplies to Earth in 1.5 days. 
An earthquake of magnitude 7.8 releases the same energy as the Sun delivers to Earth in one second. 
Come visit our location in the London Westfield: 
Michelin Men in the early 1900s. Change is possible in the auto industry.  
We have a store at the London Westfield and West Drayton, come say hello. 
We don’t have any updates at the moment, but will let you know when you’re able to.
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ... 
Thomas Edison with an electric car in 1913. (Image via Wikimedia Commons:  
Looking at a Nov. delivery. We’re happy to answer any questions. If you’d prefer, send us your info via DM &amp; we’ll be in touch.
Stay tuned for Model 3 in about three years.
Even in Alberta.
We also offer a ranger service that will come to you if there’s an issue.
Nutella under threat. Another reason to switch to an electric car. 
You can order one online too: 
The coast to coast supercharger network is real! At a little motel in South Dakota. #TheFutureIsAwesome 
Model S owners rallied to Oregon's newest Supercharger, at The Dalles, in the weekend. (Thanks, 
Thanks for the kind words! Louisa, feel free to email EUPress (at) teslamotors (dot) com if you’re interested.
A German TV show put Model S to the test with some interesting results:  
We’re currently focused on Model S and Model X.
Happy to hear it! Has he had a chance to sit in one yet?
Supercharger with a view. (Sandane, Norway) 
Appreciate the help.
Thanks for the heads up. We’ll look into this.
At the Hyatt Regency Birmingham. 
Happy to hear it. Have you had a chance to sit in one yet?
Hi there, we don’t have any update on Model 3 reservations right now, but we’ll be sure to let you know as soon as we do.
The UK now has its first Supercharger outside London. Never a better time to visit Birmingham... 
Looking good! Enjoy #Gamescom.
Thanks for the kind words.
Mexico to Alaska in a Model S: 
Hi Kyle, please feel free to DM us his information and we’ll make sure our team reaches out. Thanks!
Hmm, we’ll look into this. Can you please DM us your email address to make sure you’re in our system? Thanks.
Thank you for the support.
Nice choice.
We do not have an update about the specifics of Model X right now. Stay tuned as we finish going through Alpha and Beta.
.@MotorTrend revisits Model S…  
100,000 miles in less than 21 months in a Model S. #SuperchargingAcrossAmerica 
Test drive over. Safe to say I'm in love 
Love these photos!
Thank you for the feedback, David. We’ll look into this.
Enjoy and let us know what you think.
Great turnout for the Supercharger opening in The Dalles, Oregon, with nearly 30 owners present. 
We welcome all feedback, Martin. Hope you’re enjoying Model S.
Model S is the pace car for this weekend¹s bike race in Columbus, OH. 
Enjoy the drive! Make sure to turn Markus up to 11.
We just finished a round of events in Canada. Stay tuned, there will be more soon!
Congrats! Enjoy the weekend.
If you use the scroll under the map, you can see the planned areas in Nebraska for Superchargers: 
Here is a direct link if you missed it: 
We've got nearly 50 events coming up, including a couple during the Monterey Car Week:  
You too, Jonathan. Enjoy the weekend.
Enjoy the drive and let us know what you think.
We’ll look into this. Please feel free to DM us with more info.
Thank you for the support.
Hi Vincent, we’ll notify the team and have them get in touch.
We don’t have any updates on that, but we do have a test drive event there this weekend: 
We’re coming to Ontario soon!
Utah has a few Superchargers, allowing for road trips all over.
The Dalles, OR &amp; South Hill, VA, our two newest Supercharger locations in the US, are now open  
We’ve got a location in Austin already. Have a look: 
Have you checked out our online store? 
Stay tuned for our Model 3 in about three years.
We are in France: 
Enjoy the drive. Let us know what you think.
Thanks for the support!
We have a large number of owners in Norway and other cold weather environments who love their Model S’s.
Thanks to all the owners who came to the August meet-up yesterday in Minnesota. Some beautiful Model S’s on display: 
Tesla welcomes Robyn Denholm to its Board of Directors  
Great. Let us know what you think, Andy.
Thank you for the support.
Nice photo! What was your favorite part of the car?
We’ll look into this.
A Norwegian Tesla owner took their Model S to one of the most northern parts of the planet. (via Odd Bakken/Flickr) 
Appreciate the feedback. We're trying to enable road trips initially, so would recommend charging at home for time being.
We have one in San Juan Capistrano:  That will allow you to easily get from SD to LA.
Great to hear. Glad you enjoyed the drive. Let us know if you have any questions.
Tesla does not cover maintenance in countries we don’t operate in.
That’s correct.
If you look at the map on the website and use the scroll, you can see upcoming Superchargers in that area.
What did you think?
Nice shot! What did you think of the car?
Stay tuned for Model 3 in about three years.
We’re targeting for Model 3 to be out in about three years, and a price in that range, yes.
We’re currently focused on Model S and Model X. No plans for a motorcycle at the moment.
Or two.
In response to inquiries: We can confirm that this is not Model X. (via Reddit) 
Glad you enjoyed it. Please let us know if you have any questions.
If there’s anything more we can do, please feel free to DM us.
Thanks for the feedback.
Let us know what you think.
Let us know if you have any questions!
Have fun and let us know what you think.
Thanks for the support.
Stay tuned for Model 3 in about three years.
Happy to hear it! Will make a great Christmas present.
Stay tuned for Model 3 in about three years.
We do offer a business lease. Click the “Lease” tab on the right: 
We’re hiring: 
Our customers have now driven Model S for 394 million miles globally, saving nearly 18 million gallons of gasoline. 
Absolutely. Call our store in the London Westfield to arrange:  Or fill out the form on the link.
We’ll look into it, but would recommend Tesla Motors Club if you’re looking to post.
Are you an owner or reservation holder? Forum is for customers only right now. If so, we’ll contact our team to look into it.
Looks like a great drive! Happy Birthday.
Nice shot. What did you think?
Hi Marc, is this in regards to the  forum or the Tesla Motors Club forum?
The map is a representation of the corridors we plan to enable. Locations may very, but open locations are below map with links
Appreciate the support. Thank you.
Have you seen Model X? 
Have you had a chance to sit in one yet?
If you use the scroll beneath the map (on the website), you can see upcoming Supercharger plans.
Five new Superchargers in five European countries, including the first in Belgium.  
Have you had the chance to sit in one yet?
Superchargers allow long distance trips between cities, like Minneapolis to Milwaukee.If living in Minny can charge at home.
What did you think of the car?
Glad you enjoyed it!
Thanks for the support!
Click the link. Europe is in there.
Nice shirt! Check your DMs in a minute.
It’s from our website. They made GIFs of it.
Superchargers allow long distance trips between cities, like Minneapolis to Milwaukee. If living in Minny, can charge at home.
The map is a representation of the corridors we plan to enable. Not all locations are finalized, so exact locations may vary.
Superchargers allow long distance trips between cities, like Toronto to Montreal. If living in Toronto, can charge at home.
Great. We opened 5 new locations this week, making 47 total right now.
Not yet. We’ll be sure to let everyone know when there is.
Thanks for the feedback!
Did you click the link? We definitely have plans for Nebraska!
Hello, what did you sign up for so we can help get the right team in touch?
No problem. Happy to help!
Did you click the link? Europe is there.
See our planned Supercharger expansion through 2015. (H/t  
We don’t have any updates on that yet.
There are if you check the link.
We are hiring. Have a look: 
Sounds like Model 3 will be a good fit for you in three years.
Great to hear, Larry. What did you think of Model S?
Let us know how it goes. 
Very cool photo!
Nice photo!
Happy to hear it! Thanks for the support.
Tesla has signed an agreement with Panasonic for the Gigafactory  
It will be around the same price and range as Model S. We don’t have any specific updates on pricing yet.
You can find pricing and battery range options on our website here: 
Have you seen Model X? 
We just had an event there.
Tesla has test drive events coming up in Aspen, Hong Kong, Glasgow, and more. Don’t miss out:  
Just got back from a roadtrip with the Tesla. Amazing view! Scenery isn't half bad either. #TeslaModelS 
Wow! Congrats to them.
We've got a new store in Vancouver, feel free to come say hello: 
Thanks for the support, Raymond!
Beautiful photo.
No updates right now. We'll make sure to let you know though.
Have fun! Let us know what you think, Marcus.
Absolutely. Plug in at night, wake up with a full charge.
Nice shot!
Happy to hear it! Thanks for the support.
Have you had a chance to sit in one yet?
Stay tuned for our Model 3 car in about three years.
Did you get a chance to sit in it?
We don’t have any updates on an AWD Model S, but we’ll let you know if anything changes!
How can we help?
ICYMI: talks to about his Tesla, vertical takeoffs, and the physics of jetpacks… 
Have fun! Let us know what you think, Matt.
Thanks, we’ll look into this.
That’s a good one!
Not yet, we may have an event there soon, so stay tuned. In the meantime, we’re in LV &amp; CO if you head that way.
Have you had a chance to sit in one yet?
ICMYI: Tesla delivered the first right hand drive Model S’s in Asia last week: 
Have fun! Let us know what you think.
Hi Mike, thanks for the feedback. Feel free to DM us, we’d love to help. Thanks!
Well, we are hiring: 
We don’t have any updates on Taiwan, but we’re expanding quickly and will let you know.
Great photo!
Those are Tesla Superchargers, helping quickly charge Model S for those on road trips.
Top Gear’s Richard Hammond calls Model S acceleration “truly mind blowing”  
Beautiful photo!
Certainly.
We’re currently focused on Model S and Model X.
Happy to hear it, Mary! What was your favorite part of the car?
Hi Othmar, What is it in regards to?
Great photo, hope he liked Model S!
New Superchargers: Fréjus enables the route between Aix-en-Provence and Nice, and Ljubljana is our first in Slovenia. 
This is great.
Thanks for your support.
Happy to hear it! Glad you’re enjoying the drive.
Can you provide a link please? For  forums, you need to be a reservation holder. For TMC, anyone can join.
Nice photos! Hope you enjoyed the drive.
Happy to hear it!
In Hong Kong earlier this week, we handed 8 owners the keys to the first RHD Model S's in Asia  
Nice shot!
What was your favorite part of the car, Connor?
Happy to hear it!
If you’d like to DM us, we’d love to get more information so we can help.
Is it fixed now? Please have her contact us if it’s still an issue.
Appreciate the feedback, Sam.
Do you have Tesla reservation? Those forums are for reservations holders. We’d recommend Tesla Motors Club if not. Thanks!
We’re hiring: 
Are you referring to the Tesla Motors Club forums or  forums?
Thanks, we’ll look into this.
Excellent. Enjoy the trip! #DriveFree
Noted! Thanks!
We have a location in Rocklin. Come say hello:  (And happy 9,018th tweet)
We already have them, and more coming soon! 
Happy to hear it. What was your favorite part of the car?
West London is now open. See what Tesla locations are nearest you &amp; drive Model S:  
Of course.
Done and done.
We try to give an update about once a week on our channels that shows the new Superchargers. We’ll look into this though, thanks!
We don’t have any updates for Model 3 reservations right now, but we’ll make sure everyone knows when we do.
We don’t have any updates for that yet. We’ll be sure to let everyone know though.
Or just ask!
Happy to hear it. Thanks for coming out.
Have you stopped in to check it out yet?
Stay tuned for Model 3 in three years.
We have a lot of owners in Norway and other cold weather environments.
Norwegian owner Wesley showed us how his family uses Model S to the fullest: 
10k miles. No gas, no oil, no problems. 
Thanks for the support, Adam.
Stay tuned for Model 3 in three years.
Looking forward to it.
Enjoy and let us know what you think.
Well if you’d like to, we’ve got a few events coming up in ME this weekend:  Come take a look.
Have you had a chance to drive Model S yet?
Happy to hear it!
Thanks for the feedback, Rakesh.
Two new Superchargers in Hong Kong are open, in time for the first RHD deliveries this week.  
We’re expanding quickly with our Superchargers!
What did you think of it?
Take pictures and let us know what you think!
Done and done. Thanks for the support!
Happy to hear it. Let us know if you have any questions.
We’re not taking reservations yet, but we’ll be sure to let everyone know when we do. Glad you’re interested!
Beautiful!
Love it!
We can arrange that. Call the nearest store to you in LA ahead of time here: 
Have you had a chance to drive one yet?
Thanks for the feedback!
Thanks for the kind words…but drive safe!
What did you think of it?
Let us know what you think, Liz. Enjoy!
Alan, we don’t have any updates for a Detroit opening right now. However, we’re expanding quickly &amp; will be sure to let you know.
We’re not currently taking reservations. We’ll be sure to let everyone know when we do though.
"With peak torque at any speed, the Model S delivers instant power...” reviews Model S:  
We’re not taking reservations yet, but we’ll let you know when we do!
No need for that! Stay tuned for Model 3 in about three years.
Superchargers enable long distance travel between cities. But we’re expanding quickly.
We’ve got locations in Denmark. If you’re ever nearby, come say hello: 
Can’t give an exact update, but we’re expanding quickly.
Glad you enjoyed it!
Done and done.
Have you had a chance to drive one yet?
Nice. Let us know what you think!
We do. We just sent one out last month.
Exciting! Make sure to send us some photos when it’s delivered.
Stay tuned for Model 3 in about three years!
Happy to hear it! Thanks for the support.
Not yet, but we have a bunch nearby in the Chicago area: 
We’re honored! You can have our 4,864th in return.
Enjoy!
Fantastic. What was your favorite part?
Good luck!
We have a store in Milan: 
Great photo. Glad you enjoyed the drive!
Those are two different models. Model X is the SUV ( and Model 3 will be out after that.
Nice! Let us know what you think.
Kevin, thanks for the feedback. Feel free to DM us. We’ve flagged this for our team.
You are welcome to send us a DM with your info and we’ll have our team reach out to you. Thank you.
Hi there, we’d be happy to help. Please feel free to DM us your info so our team can get in touch. Thanks!
Happy to hear it, Rachel.
Nice photos!
The white shading is the distance Model S can travel from the Supercharger, so Prague will be within range.
You could always take an "extended lunch" break.
Model 4 (year old). 
Ha! Unfortunately, this is reality. Glad you’re excited about Model X though.
You’re welcome to DM us.
If you don’t mind, can you be a bit more specific in what it is in regards to?
Great photo, Steve. Love this.
Hi there, who were you speaking with? We’re happy to connect you with the right team.
Thanks for the support!
Great. Did you get a chance to sit in Model S?
Have you seen Model X? It will be out next year: 
Thanks for the support!
What did you think, Mathias?
Enjoy! Let us know what you think.
Glad you like it!
The ‘go’ pedal.
Exciting! Let us know what you think, Jordon.
Model X is the SUV, Model 3 is the Gen III car that will come after Model X.
No tailpipe. Zero emissions. 
It’s an interesting idea, but the efficiency of a solar panel wouldn’t offset the added weight on the roof.
Of course.
The instant torque certainly helps Model S there!
21” turbine wheels with red calipers. A Model S owner favorite. 
Twelve cars driving from Roseville to Freemont with leading the way in her Roadster. 
Enjoy it!
Not right now, but excited to see others going electric.
Nice! Have you had a chance to sit in one yet?
What did you think? Have you had a chance to sit in one yet?
If someone wants to take their Model S and put a taxi sign on it, sure. There are a few countries that have done it.
Currently we’re focused on Model S and Model X, but appreciate the feedback.
Thanks for the support! We are hiring, have a look: 
Happy to hear it!
What did you think of Model S?
That’s exciting! Congrats!
Good one! Our owners tend to get pretty creative with their plates.
Email Marketing (at) TeslaMotors (dot) com.
Clever!
Absolutely. Coming soon.
If you use the scroll beneath the map, you can see what’s coming soon in MA: 
The new Squamish Supercharger also makes it possible to drive from San Diego to Whistler for free.
The first Supercharger in Canada is now open in Squamish, BC, connecting Vancouver and Whistler. 
Have you seen our upcoming events there? Sign up here: 
Enjoy the drive! Let us know what you think.
Absolutely. We’re coming soon to Australia and have announced pricing. 
Sounds like a good day to us!
We’re hiring: 
British government leads by example. Welcome news.  
Nice shot! Enjoy the drive!
